Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
365 Scores Ltd. is committed to your right to privacy. If you choose to use the Services, you agree to the use of any data we may collect in accordance with these Terms and Privacy Policy. Please note, that the Services may contain links to other sites and apps maintained by third parties, which may not be governed by this Privacy Policy. 365 Scores is not responsible for the policies or practices of our customers or any third parties. You should review the applicable privacy policies of any third parties before providing them with any personally identifiable information.
Information Collection
We log visitor's domain and IP address automatically; this information identifies the device that is being used to log in to the Services. We also use cookies (small text files stored in a user's browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow the Application to count visitors who have accessed a particular page and to access certain cookies) to gather personally unidentified information. Other than with respect of personally identified information, if you provide information to us, you agree that we have unlimited rights to such information and that we may use such information in any way we choose. Such information shall be deemed to be non- confidential. 
We collect only personally identified information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by you, for example, information you provide upon your registration for accounts, email addresses, your correspondences with us, if any, etc. If you chose to connect to the Application via Facebook, we collect the information provided by your Facebook account, such as email address, gender and age. We may collect location information from your device if you authorize us while installing or updating the Application. 
Information Use
Non-personal information is used mainly for click stream analysis in order to constantly improve and maintain our Services, including among others, for ensuring the technical functioning of our network, to help prevent fraudulent use of our services and for developing new services. 
Personal information is used for purposes such as to store user preferences, to contact you in response to requests or inquiries, or to optimize the content we display (including targeted ads) and personalize your experience. In addition, the web master may, where necessary, use your information for various Services' related tasks. 
We may share non-personal, aggregate information regarding the Services' usage with our affiliates, partners and advertisers. From time to time, we may release non- personally-identifying information in the aggregate. 365 Scores may share users' information with the partners and service providers to facilitate the delivery of the Services and as necessary to allow you to enjoy the Services. 
You may occasionally receive from us product updates and news or requests to join a beta group. We may also send marketing communications regarding special offers, products, services and periodic newsletters. You may at any time choose to opt-out and to not receive these communications. 
If you share your information with a third party's website or apps which may be presented on the Application, please note that we do not control our business partners' use of such information and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. 
International Transfer of Information
We process information on Amazon cloud service in the United States. To facilitate our global services, we may transfer and access information from around the world. Therefore, please note that any information you share via the Application will be transferred out of your country and into the U. S. You consent to such transfer through your use of the Application. 
Information security & Access to Information
We take appropriate security measures to protect users' information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We try to provide reasonable access to users who wish to review the personal information retained via our Application and correct any inaccuracies it may contain. 
We reserve the right to use or disclose personal information to law enforcement, regulatory, other government agencies, or third parties, if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the 365 Scores' rights and to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or a legal process. 
Minors' Privacy Protection
365 Scores understands the importance of protecting children's privacy in the interactive online world. The Application and Services covered by this Privacy Policy are not designed for or intentionally targeted at children 13 years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect, solicit or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If 365 Scores elects, in its reasonable discretion, to transfer ownership or control of the Application or Services to a third party, whether or not in the context of an acquisition, merger, or reorganization, you consent to the transfer of your personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information by 365 Scores to that third party, provided that all use of your information by that third party remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. You are encouraged to check and revisit this page as often as you wish to update yourself with any changes. If you have any questions regarding this policy or do not feel that your concerns have been addressed, please direct your questions to: privacy@365scores.com