Skip to content
We're sorry, some parts of the Airbnb website don't work properly without JavaScript enabled.
Help Center, home page
Search
Suggestions will show after typing in the search input. Use the up and down arrows to review. Use enter to select. If the selection is a phrase, that phrase will be submitted to search. If the suggestion is a link, the browser will navigate to that page.
Log in or sign up 
Home
All topics
Legal Terms, help topic
Privacy Policy, help topic
Airbnb Privacy, help article
Legal terms
Airbnb Privacy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect, how we use personal information, how personal information is shared, and privacy rights.
North America (Excluding Mexico)
Privacy Policy for the United States
Privacy Policy for Outside the U. S. (English)
Privacy Policy for Outside the U. S. (French)
Latin America (Including Mexico, Central and South America, and the Caribbean)
Privacy Policy for Latin America (English)
Privacy Policy for Latin America (Spanish)
Privacy Policy for Latin America (Portuguese)
Europe, Middle East, and Africa 
Privacy Policy for Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Other Countries
Asia Pacific
Privacy Policy for Asia Pacific (Excluding China)
China
Privacy Policy for China
Please review the supplemental privacy policies linked within the privacy policy documents, such as for certain Airbnb services, that may be applicable to you.
Supplemental Privacy Policy Documents outside the United States
Supplemental Privacy Policy Documents california, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Vermont, and Virginia
Supplemental Privacy Policy Documents cookie Policy
Supplemental Privacy Policy Documents enterprise Customers and Airbnb for Work
Supplemental Privacy Policy Documents colombia Only
Supplemental Privacy Policy Documents non-User DAC7 Privacy Notice
Related articles
Airbnb basics
Verifying your identity
Your security is important to us. Check out the steps we take to not only verify your identity, but to keep it safe.
Host
Create a Danish unique code
For the tax years 2021 and onwards, Hosts in Denmark will be required to create a unique code with the Danish tax authorities (Skat.dk) to c...
About the updates to our Terms
Please review this information about updates to our Terms.
Get help with your reservations, account, and more.
Log in or sign up 
Site Footer
Support
Help Center
AirCover
Anti-discrimination
Disability support
Cancellation options
Report neighborhood concern
Hosting
Airbnb your home
AirCover for Hosts
Hosting resources
Community forum
Hosting responsibly
Airbnb-friendly apartments
Airbnb
Newsroom
New features
Careers
Investors
Gift cards
Airbnb.org emergency stays
Footer section
Choose a languageEnglish Choose a currencyzłPLN
2023 Airbnb, Inc.
Terms·
·Sitemap·
·Privacy·
·Your Privacy Choices
Choose a languageEnglish Choose a currencyzłPLN
2023 Airbnb, Inc.
Terms·
·Sitemap·
·Privacy·
·Your Privacy Choices
2023 Airbnb, Inc.
Terms·
·Sitemap·
·Privacy·
·Your Privacy Choices
Choose a languageEnglish Choose a currencyzłPLN