PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to the ALT Digital Media Entertainment Limited ("ALTT") digital Sites/ Apps platforms including without limitation website_url_lnk and other related Sites/ Apps, mobile applications and other online features (each a "Sites/ Apps"). The Sites/ Apps are offered by ALTT and its subsidiaries or affiliated companies (collectively, "ALTT" or "we", "us" and "our").
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use available on the Sites/ / Apps. Personal Information/Data/Information (defined below) of a users is collected if the users registers with the Sites/ Apps, accesses the Sites/ Apps or takes any action on the Sites/ Apps or uses or accesses the Services as defined in the Terms of Use. The terms 'Personal Information' and 'Sensitive Personal Data or Information' shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the Indian Information Technology Act, 2000 read with the applicable rules, notifications, and amendments thereof.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as your use of this Sites/ Apps constitutes your consent to the processing of your Personal Information as described in the Privacy Policy. If you are younger than 18 years of age, and you wish to provide us with your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Data or Information to use this Sites and Apps, you must read this Privacy Policy with your parent or guardian.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This Privacy Policy I explains how ALTT uses and protects Personal Information (defined below) of the users or subscribers of the Sites and Apps.
This Privacy Policy I describes the usage of information provided or collected through Sites and Apps, where this Privacy Policy I is posted and affiliate or third-party sites / platforms through which the Sites and Apps and any of its features and services available on such Sites and Apps may be provided. We follow this Privacy Policy I in accordance with applicable law in the places where we operate. In some cases, we may provide additional data privacy notices specific to certain features or services. Those notices are to be read in combination with this Privacy Policy I. Please also keep in observance that our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us. Those sites are governed by their own respective privacy policies, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Data or Information. ALTT will not be responsible for any damages and loss that you might suffer for accessing those sites. The services of ALTT are accessible globally and we may transfer your Personal Information from your respective jurisdiction to the location of hosting services (presently in India). We shall use your Personal Information where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms. Accordingly, by consenting to this Privacy Policy, you also provide consent to transfer your Personal Information to jurisdictions outside of your country of residence to service providers or such third-party recipients who provide us technology and hosting services in various locations (including India) for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. Whenever, your personal information is transferred, stored, or processed by us or our service providers or third parties, we may take reasonable steps to safeguard the Privacy of your personal information. We use Personal Information to allow you to participate in the features on the Sites/ Apps, to process your registration, and to provide you with other requested content related to our content and other offerings.
We provide interactive features that engage with third-party social media sites/ apps, including without limitation Facebook, Instagram, Google, and Twitter. Any data that we obtain about your use of such features is subject to this Privacy Policy. Any data that the social media Sites/ Apps gather about you is subject to your terms with them.
We use cookies and other technologies to track the use of our Sites/ Apps. We allow third parties to place such technologies on our Sites/ Apps to allow them to display advertising and for other purposes.
We may disclose your Personal Information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors, etc. insofar as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose Personal Information when you request or agree to such sharing with business partners or other third parties, when we engage a third-party to process data on our behalf, when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations.
Your use of the Sites/ Apps constitutes your consent to the transfer of Personal Information to any other jurisdiction that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country. If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please be aware that the ALTT Service is hosted primarily in India and that Platform keeps or transfers information to and from India for storage and processing.
Although we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted to outside India; any transmission is at your own risk. We will also ensure, on a commercially reasonable efforts basis, that any agent or third party that we employ complies with the same security standards as we do for the protection of your Personal Information.
INFORMATION COVERED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may collect Personal Information/Information, including your name, email or street address, date of birth, telephone number, your preferences and interests, or other information you provide to us or grant us access to when you register for use of our Sites/ Apps, newsletters, communicate with us, or take part in interactive games, features or competitions. The Sites/ Apps may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as demographic, geographic information (gender, zip code, age, etc.) or certain information about your preferences and interests. If we combine demographic or other information we collect about you with Personal Information about you, we will treat the combined information as personal information. Please note that information submitted to the Sites/ Apps via a "contact us" or other similar function may not receive a response. We will not use the information provided to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
Whenever you visit or interact with the Sites/ Apps or ALTT content, ALTT, any third-party advertisers, content providers and service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information etc. about how the Sites/ Apps are accessed and used ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, and the preceding page & video views etc. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if ALTT associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person, ALTT treats it as Personal Information. ALTT also automatically collects your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") from the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, "Device") you use to access the Sites/ Apps. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a Sites/ Apps or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers or our third-party service provider may also provide us with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Sites/ Apps.
The technologies used on the Sites/ Apps to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, have been detailed herein below.
We and certain third parties on our behalf may collect information about you and your use of our Platform, your interactions with us or our advertising or any direct marketing we send you, as well as information regarding your computer or other streaming device used to access our Sites and Apps. The information may be collected using tracking technologies such as cookies, Flash Cookies (defined below), pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons and may include:
Your activity on the Sites and Apps such as pages/titles viewed, load times, watch times, content selection and watch history, transactions initiated and completed, search queries and platform features used. This information may include the platform or website that you just visited (whether this platform is on Sites and Apps or not), which platform or website you next visit.
Device tokens for push notification (if you have enabled push notifications)
Your interactions with our emails, communications, messages, advertisements on third party platforms and other channels.
Your interactions with our customer support such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings.
Information about your general location, including location based on your mobile phone SIM card and IP address and, with your permission your precise location based on GPS data. In the event IP detection fails, we will collect the last cached location as your current location.
Device and software information such as device ID, device model, platform, type of operating system, installed version, time zone setting, mobile carrier, screen resolution etc. and other unique identifiers. With your permission, we may also collect information pertaining to the applications frequently used by you on your device.
Advertisement identifiers and data related to your interaction with the advertisement that are served on the Sites and Apps.
We capture information related to the performance of the mobile application and the Sites and Apps, such as crash logs, build analytics and other performance statistics generated when you use the Sites and Apps.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
By using the Sites/ Apps, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the provisions of this clause. A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites/ Apps. A "Flash Cookie" is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-into or downloaded by you to your Device. Cookies and Flash Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. If you choose to disable cookies or Flash Cookies on your Device, some features of the Sites/ Apps may not function properly. The use of cookies on the Sites/ Apps allows you to enjoy more seamless visits and more accurately measures your behaviour on the Sites/ Apps. There are two types of cookies that we may use: session and persistent. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your Device when you close the browser software. Persistent cookies remain on your Device after the browser has been closed. The cookies used on the Sites/ Apps do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser, unless you choose to identify yourself voluntarily. You may choose to identify yourself for any one of the following reasons: by asking the browser to remember your username and password, by responding to a promotional offer, or by personalizing a web page or requesting more information on a product or service.
Web beacons (also known as clear gifs) are used in combination with cookies to help Sites/ Apps operators understand how you interact with their Sites/ Apps. A web beacon is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a Sites/ Apps or in an email. The use of a clear gif allows the Sites/ Apps to measure your actions in opening the page that contains the clear gif.
Embedded scripts are programming codes that are designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites/ Apps, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites/ Apps, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
ALTT may use cookies and web beacons for a number of purposes, including to 1. Provide general internal and customer analytics.
ALTT may use cookies and web beacons for a number of purposes, including to 2. Study traffic patterns in order to improve Sites/ Apps performance, to customize the user experience, and to better match the users' interests and preferences. For example, ALTT keeps track of the domains from which people visit, and also measures/tracks visitor activity on ALTT Sites/ Apps. However, these tracking records are performed and maintained in ways that keep the data non-identifiable.
ALTT may use cookies and web beacons for a number of purposes, including to 3. Keep track of preferences you specify while you are using ALTT products or services.
ALTT may use cookies and web beacons for a number of purposes, including to 4. Support security measures, such as requiring re-login into an ALTT product or service, after a certain amount of time has elapsed.
ALTT may use cookies and web beacons for a number of purposes, including to 5. If you login to our products through the Sites/ Apps, cookies can also be used to save the username so that we can process the saved login information and quickly log you into the product.
ALTT may use cookies and web beacons for a number of purposes, including to 6. Assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
ALTT may use cookies and web beacons for a number of purposes, including to 7. Tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Controlling our use of Cookies: The Adobe Flash Player ("Flash") is an application and web tool that allows rapid development of dynamic content. Flash (and similar applications) use technology to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies, which may be used by ALTT. ALTT employs Adobe Flash cookies in certain situations where we use Flash to provide some content such as video clips or animation. ALTT does not use Flash Cookies to serve interest-based advertising. Flash Cookies are managed through the Flash Player Settings Manager, which is a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. This Settings Manager lets you manage global Privacy Settings, Storage Settings, Security Settings, and Automatic Notification Settings. This Sites/ Apps may also use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files that are stored on your Device and allows an analysis of your use of the Sites/ Apps. If Google Analytics is used, the information generated by the cookie about your use of the Sites/ Apps (including the IP address) will be transferred to and stored on a server of Google in the United States. Google will use such information to analyze your use of the Sites/ Apps, to create reports about the Sites/ Apps activities for ALTT and to provide further services associated with the use of the Sites/ Apps and the internet. Furthermore, Google may transfer such information to third parties, to the extent legally required or if such third parties process the data on behalf of Google. In no event will Google associate your IP address with other information of Google. By using this Sites/ Apps, you consent to the processing of your information collected by Google as described above and for the purposes described above. Google Analytics can be disabled through this link: website_url_lnk ALTT at its sole discretion may employ any other third-party(ies) analytics services, as may be required.
LOG FILE AND PAYMENT INFORMATION
Our servers automatically collect limited information about your Devices' connection to the internet, including your IP address, Device and MAC ID, etc., when you visit our Sites/ Apps. Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the internet know where to send your data -- such as the web pages you view. Your IP address, Device and MAC ID, etc., does not identify you personally but may be combined with your Personal Information which then may identify you personally.
When you purchase a subscription package using one or more of our payment gateway service providers, or any other online or mobile payment services provider we may use (including through any app stores), the following payment information will be collected: your credit/debit card details (number, card expiry date, CVV code) or other bank account details along with the date, time and amount of the transaction payment. This payment information is stored by our payment processors and associated with a merchant name/ID and location which our payment processor gives to us, together with a unique customer ID which we share with them but this payment information is never stored or processed by us. Our payment processors use this payment information to process and facilitate the payment of your subscription fee in order that we may provide you with the service you have requested or to enter into a contract with you to access the Sites and Apps (in other words to perform the contract). So that we know you have paid your subscription fee our payment processors will send us a unique transaction ID which we associate with your unique customer ID and which we keep for internal accounting purposes because we have a legal obligation to do so.
Our payment processors may use third party fraud detection software or providers which analyse your payment information in order to make automated decisions as to whether or not payment from you will be accepted. You have the right to contest any fraud decision made about you and to be given more information about why any such decision was made by contacting us.
Where you pay a third party for your subscription package (e.g. an app store like Apple App Store) your payment information is directly collected and controlled by that third party. However, we receive invoice receipts from third parties for your subscription purchase and these receipts are stored by us as we have a legitimate business interest to keep them for internal accounting and tax purposes and to comply with our legal obligation as per any applicable laws including any audits, legal proceedings and investigations.
Where our payment processors are providing payment processing services to us we put in place appropriate contracts to protect your personal information. For the following aspects of the payment processing our payment processor may act as a controller of your payment information (identified and listed above): providing the payment processing services to you at your request, monitoring, preventing and detecting fraudulent payment transactions, complying with legal or regulatory obligations which apply to the financial services sector and analysing, developing and improving their products and services. Our payment processors have their own privacy policies in place and we recommend you read those policies before you provide your payment information.
In order to process any of your customer support queries related to payment processing, our payment processors give us access to the first 6 digits and last 4 digits of your credit/debit card (including any updates) so that we can perform the contract with you and provide you with a quick resolution of your queries. We also use the first 6 digits of your credit/debit card so that, on the basis of our legitimate business interest, we can analyse the most popular card types and issuing banks of our customer base to ensure that we are able to improve our user experience and provide you better service. Our payment processors will also pass us your expiry date after each payment transaction is completed and we will use this to send you an email reminder to update your payment information before your card expires as we believe we have a legitimate interest to make sure your access to the Sites and Apps is not interrupted, you can still cancel at any time. However, at no point in time do we have access to or store the full credit/debit card number in our systems.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We will use Personal Information collected through the Sites/ Apps to: allow you to participate in the features we offer on the Sites/ Apps; provide you with information that you request or agree to receive; improve the Sites/ Apps and for internal business purposes; contact you with regards to your use of the Sites/ Apps, and any changes to our policies; tailor content, advertisements and offers we serve you; and fulfil other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.
We will only collect and process Personal Information about You where we have lawful basis to do so. Our lawful basis for processing your Personal Information will vary depending on your country, the context in which we collect and use it and the following examples give you as a guide as to which basis we think applies (but if the context changes or other circumstances arise then the lawful basis may also change). Our primary purpose in collecting your information, including Personal Information from you is to deliver the personalized service and its various features. Please note that should you choose to not provide us consent to collect your information, including Personal Information, we may not be able to perform the contract with you. Where we refer to 'perform the contract' we mean the Terms of Use applicable to your use of the Sites and Apps, which means that you may either not be able to access certain features of the Sites and Appsor we may not be able to provide you the Sites and Apps in entirety.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Sites and Apps or our services to you) so as to:
Register you on our Sites and Apps and create a subscription account, ,
Allow you to Sign Up/ Log In using social media accounts like Facebook ID, Apple ID, Google ID etc.,
Process your payment card details (as described in Section 3 above),
Provide you with customer or technical support including addressing support queries related to, but not limited to, payment processing, or to diagnose any problems with our servers etc.
Send you transactional emails or to provide you with information, direct marketing, online and offline advertising and other materials regarding products, services and other offers from time to time in connection with the Sites and Apps or its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies ("Sites and Apps Entities") and its joint ventures.
Determine your geographic location, to provide you localized content including advertisements, personalized viewing recommendations, allow you to continue watching previous content at another time or on another streaming device, and to determine your internet service provider to troubleshoot a technical issue, and help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests.
If you are traveling / visiting various countries around the world and avail the Sites and Apps's services, then we will determine your location using your IP address to determine the relevant Sites and Apps which may be offered to you.
To provide you with a personalised service and experience; we do this by linking some or all of your Personal Information with your activity on our Sites and Apps across all your streaming devices and associating and storing this information with a unique platform generated identifier that is generated for each user (guest as well as registered user). When a guest user subsequently registers and creates an account, the information and data relating to such user's past activities gets added to and associated to the registered account.
In other contexts, we use your Personal Information where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms (for example, our direct marketing activities in accordance with your preferences) such as to: Display or target advertisements on the Sites and Apps based on your registration or profile information, location and your activity on the Sites and Apps across all your streaming devices (including inferred information through usage and log data) which is associated with your device advertising identifier, this is typically referred to as 'interest-based advertising'. We also display contextual advertisements on the Sites and Apps but these are not targeted to any particular user and does not make use of any information that personally identifies you or precisely locates you (contextual advertising is advertising which we target based on the content being viewed, for example if you are watching a particular sporting event we may serve adverts of companies or products related to that particular sport or the age-group most likely to be watching).
Research, analyze and understand our audience and what content and advertising they may view, watch or otherwise engage with, in order to improve our service (including our user interface experiences and security features) and optimize content selection i.e. recommend or make it easier for you to find content we think you will enjoy; evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers, products or services and market such products or services to you; to perform analytics and conduct customer research, including general market research or surveying our customers' needs and opinions on specific issues, generating sales and traffic patterns, and to analyze advertising effectiveness, both on an anonymous basis (e.g., by aggregating data) or on an individual basis (if legally permissible), in combination with other information collected from tracking technologies and aggregate it with information collected from other Users using our Sites and Apps, to attempt to provide you with the Services and a better experience on the Sites and Apps. For example, one of the ways we use this information is to count the number of times an advert or other content is viewed because this might be the metric by which our advertisers pay us. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
Allow you to participate in interactive features such as Game play events on the Sites and Apps, providing you with relevant gameplay experience, determine and declaring winners and providing you with prizes.
Analyse and measure how effective our advertising is by determining which media sources should be paid for delivering a desired action e.g. users who install our application or subscribe (also known as 'attribution'), so that we pay for demonstrated value and don't overspend.
Our affiliate and group companies may access and use your information where they perform services on our behalf and, unless prohibited under applicable law, for use on their own behalf to market Sites and Apps services, our other services, and the services and products generally offered by Our affiliate and group companies.
We will use your Personal Information as follows:
When you agree to share your precise location based on GPS data, we will combine this information with other information that you provide to us on the Sites and Apps Service to provide personalised content and advertisements with better accuracy basis your geographic location e.g. you may see more regional content recommendations or advertisements for local establishments, when you share your precise location based on GPS data.
When you agree to share information pertaining to the applications frequently used by you on your device, we will combine this information with other information that you provide to us on the Sites and Apps Service, to display advertisements that are more relevant to your interest areas e.g. if you frequently use applications related to sporting events, we may serve advertisements of companies or products related to sporting events; and
When you agree to share information pertaining to the content you are exposed on the television, we may use this information along with other information that you provide us on the Sites and Apps Service, to provide you with personalised content similar to those you watch on television. We may also use this information to serve advertisements more relevant to you as well to understand and analyse your exposure to advertisements on other platforms to demonstrate the effectiveness of our Sites and Apps.
In some contexts, we use your Personal Information where we have a legal obligation to do so, or to protect your vital interests or those of another person:
Prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and enforcing our terms (such as determining free trial eligibility).
Confirming your identity if you are exercising legal rights.
Notify you about changes in the Terms of Use or in this Privacy Policy.
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us/our distributor.
When you access or use the Services or send any data, query, request or communication to us via our Support email, you understand that you are communicating with us electronically, and that we may respond via electronic means from us, such as by email.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
WHEN YOU AGREE TO HAVE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SHARED
While on our Sites/ Apps, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your Personal Information with a third-party. If you agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to the third-party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the Privacy Policy and business practices of that third-party. You may also specifically request ALTT, sometimes, through your use of an interactive feature, a widget or an application, that we share your Personal Information with a third-party and we will typically do so under those circumstances. In addition, if you choose to register for a promotion, such as a competition, prize draw or contest, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties for the purposes of administration of such promotions.
FOR SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS
The Sites/ Apps may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (each, a "Promotion") that may require registration. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with the administration of such Promotion, such as in connection with winner selection, prize fulfilment, and as required by law, such as on a winners list. By entering a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements from you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor and other parties to use your name, voice and likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
ON SITE(S)/APP(S) THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING SERVICES ON OUR BEHALF
We may engage any third parties to perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting or operating our Sites/ Apps, sending e-mail communications, and data analysis. We may share Personal Information with third parties in order for them to provide content or otherwise perform services for us, and we will require such parties to maintain appropriate security to protect such data from unauthorized access or processing. It being clarified that in no event shall ALTT, or any of its directors, employees, or any representatives, be held liable for use of such Personal Information by itself and the aforementioned third parties. At times we may make your Personal Information available to our service providers (such as but not limited to: marketing, analytics, research, communication, advertisements, infrastructure and IT services, technology or software providers, payment processing and other service providers) that work with us or assist us to provide services to you or license us software which we include in our Sites and Apps. Personal Information will only be shared with our service providers to provide or improve the Sites and Apps Service and to enable us to analyse our marketing efforts. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose your Personal Information except in connection with providing their services. We or our service providers may also share your advertisement identifiers with advertising / data exchanges, and marketing analytics and other digital advertising and marketing service providers. The advertisement identifiers are used by these exchanges and service providers to decide which ads you see both on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications. We may offer joint promotions that, in order for you to participate and benefit from any promotional offer, will require us to share your Personal Information with third parties so that we co-ordinate and fulfil the incentive offered. These third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices. In the event of any requirement by court order, government or quasi-government agency to disclose your Personal Information, we will disclose information as may be legally required. We may also disclose your Personal Information if we, in the good faith believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process.
FOR AFFILIATE SHARING AND BUSINESS TRANSFERS
We may share your Personal Information with other entities (group entities and/ or affiliates) for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes. ALTT or any of its assets, including the Sites/ Apps, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the business assets of the transaction. In such case, your Personal Information may be transferred. Hence, ALTT reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information, including Personal Information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of certain of ALTT's assets, or other corporate change including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.
POTENTIAL INVESTORS
Certain investors may be interested in investing funds in ALTT. For the purposes of securing such investment, ALTT may be required to disclose data pertaining to your Personal Information or to your Usage Information. We will require such parties to maintain appropriate security to protect such data from unauthorized access or processing. It being clarified that in no event shall ALTT be held liable for use of such Personal Information/ Information by itself and the aforementioned third parties.
LEGAL PROTECTIONS AND OTHER DISCLOSURES
We may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier (including IP address, Device and MAC ID, etc), to third parties: to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce the Sites/ Apps's Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to this Sites/ Apps or the public. Pursuant to valid requests by law enforcement agencies, we may also use Device Identifiers to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies, at our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
LINKS TO OTHER SITE(S)/ APP(S) AND SERVICES, AND ALTT CONTENT FOUND ON OTHER SITE(S)/ APP(S)
The Sites/ Apps may provide links to other Sites/ Apps applications. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logos as part of a co-branding agreement. Certain content on the Sites/ Apps may be hosted and served by third parties, which may include third-party widgets (such as those that allow you to "like" or "share" content with third-party Sites/ Apps and interactive services, or third-party "get tickets and showtimes" widgets). The use of these third-party Sites/ Apps applications and any information collected, stored and transferred by them is not subject to this Privacy Policy and is governed by their own terms of use and Privacy Policy. By clicking through to these third-party Sites/ Apps applications, you will be governed by such third-party's Privacy Policy/ Terms of Use. We have no control over these third parties. These third parties may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. ALTT is not responsible for the privacy practices or business practices of any third-party Sites/ Apps.
ALTT may also display its content/ widgets on third-party Sites/ Apps /Applications. Please note that in such an eventuality, your use of the third-party Sites/ Apps/ Applications shall continue to be governed by the third-party's Privacy Policy/ Terms of Use. We have no control over these third parties. These third parties may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published Privacy Policies. ALTT is not responsible for the privacy practices or business practices of any third-party Sites/ Apps.
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE PUBLICLY ON OUR SITE(S)/ APP(S)
ites/ Apps may offer message boards, chat rooms, alternative reality games, multi-player games and other public areas (collectively, "Community Forums") where you can engage in social networking, interact with others, as well as have the opportunity to submit photographs, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, "User Submissions"). To participate in certain Community Forums, you may be asked to select a username, screen name or member name and password. Furthermore, any such User Submissions that you publish on our Sites/ Apps or submit for publication on our Sites/ Apps may be available, via the internet, around the world, and we cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
NOTE THAT ANYTHING YOU POST TO A COMMUNITY FORUM IS PUBLIC
User Submissions may be used or shared with any third parties. Information you choose to post or make available in the Community Forums may be viewed, collected and used by others and we shall have no control over the manner and mode of such use. If you choose to voluntarily disclose User Submissions, the protections of this Privacy Policy will not cover such disclosure of information. Think carefully before you post and use caution before disclosing any Personal Information.
Also, functionality on the Sites/ Apps may permit interactions between the Sites/ Apps and a third-party Sites/ Apps or service, such as enabling you to "like" a product on our Sites/ Apps or "share" content to other Sites/ Apps or services. If you choose to "like" or "share" content on the Sites/ Apps or to otherwise post information from or via the Sites/ Apps to a third-party's Sites/ Apps, service, feature or application, etc. that information will become public and the third-party may have access to information about you and your use of our Sites/ Apps.
User Submissions may be published online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed). We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information with your User Submissions, and ALTT may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity, promotional or any other activities. For full terms and conditions regarding User Submissions you submit to the Sites/ Apps, please refer to our Terms of Use.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES
ALTT may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another Sites/ Apps and you opt-in to receive information from ALTT that Sites/ Apps will forward to us your email address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third-party application or feature on our Sites/ Apps (such as logging in through Facebook Connect or otherwise linking the Sites/ Apps with another Sites/ Apps or interactive service) or on a third-party Sites/ Apps or service (such as one of our Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third-party Sites/ Apps or service) through which you allow us to collect (or the third-party to share) information about you, including Personal Information. When you choose to participate, you may be opting to link your activity on our Sites/ Apps with that third-party Sites/ Apps or service, which may then collect information about your visits to our Sites/ Apps and may publish that activity as you request to your "profile" or similar feature with that third-party (such as if you choose to share content you find on one of our Sites/ Apps with your "connections" on the third-party's Sites/ Apps or service). The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy. However, the information collected and stored by the third-party remains subject to the third-party's privacy practices, including whether the third-party continues to share information with us or with other third parties, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third-party's Sites/ Apps or service. The third-party may allow you to remove the application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but we may retain the information previously collected. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party Sites/ Apps or service give us access to their profiles and you are one of their "connections" or information about you is otherwise accessible through your "connections" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third-party Sites/ Apps or interactive service.
We may also supplement the information we collect about you through the Sites/ Apps with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Sites/ Apps. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.
WE MAY USE AD SERVING AND TRAFFIC MEASUREMENT SERVICES; HOW TO "OPT OUT" OF RECEIVING ADVERTISING RELEVANT TO YOU
ALTT licenses technology to serve advertisements on its own Sites/ Apps and within its videos and other content as that content is served across the internet. In addition, ALTT may use third-party network advertisers to serve advertisements and third-party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Sites/ Apps and viewing of our content. We do not share Personal Information with these third parties, but ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors, and analytics service providers may set and access their own cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information. With regard to advertisements, we and our network advertisers may target advertisements for products and services in which you might be interested based on your visits to both the Sites/ Apps and other Sites/ Apps. Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third-party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times, or to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. We may share Usage Information about visitors to the Sites/ Apps with third-party advertising companies for the same purposes. We may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements.
SECURITY
We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your Personal Information against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, or alteration. Some of the safeguards we use to protect your information are firewalls and data encryption, and information access controls. These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your Personal Information. If you know or have reason to believe that your account credentials have been lost, stolen, altered, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your account, please (See Contact Information below).
The Sites and Apps Service uses commercially reasonable security practices and procedures industry practices and procedures designed to help keep your Personal Information safe and secure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure and protection of the electronic data transmissions or storage of information cannot be guaranteed completely. Although we strive to protect your Personal Information in our best efforts, you expressly understand and agree that full guarantee for the same cannot be provided for such transmission of data to our Sites and/ or Apps, and the information provided to us shall be at your own informed risk. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION SITE(S)/ APP(S) AMENDING OR REMOVING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, CONTROLLING MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS, AND PRIVACY QUESTIONS
You have the right to access your Personal Information held by us and, if necessary, have it amended or deleted. You can also request not to receive email, SMS, and MMS marketing communications from us. You may opt out of receiving email newsletters and other marketing communications by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those emails. If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS messages, you may unsubscribe from any SMS or MMS messages received by replying "STOP".
Please note that we may still need to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Sites/ Apps and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from marketing communications.
For more details or any privacy questions and complaints please contact us by email at grievanceofficer@altt.co.in (name and contact no. of the Grievance office not mentioned. Who) or write to us at:
Legal Department 
ALT Digital Media Entertainment Limited 
C-13, Balaji House, Dalia Industrial Estate, 
Opp. Laxmi Industries, New Link Road, 
Andheri (W), Mumbai 400053
We request you to please provide the following information in your grievance and complaint: -
Identification of the information provided by you.
Clear statement as to whether the information is Personal Information or sensitive Personal Information.
Your address, telephone number or email address.
A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization, as the case may be.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate, and that the information being complained about belongs to you.
You may also contact us in case you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES AND YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice, by prominently posting notice of the amendment on this Sites/ Apps. To the extent permitted by applicable law, such changes will be applicable from the time they are posted. ALTT will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
We cooperate with mandated government and law enforcement agencies or to any third parties by an order under law for the time being in force to enforce and comply with the law. We will also disclose any information including Personal Information or Information about you to government and law enforcement agencies or private parties without your permission as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to valid claims and legal process, to protect the property and rights of Sites/ Apps or a third-party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Sites/ Apps may also provide your Personal Information including Sensitive Personal Information or Information to various authorities upon any demand or request from them.
EMAILS
We may use your Personal Information or Information for the aforementioned purposes of the services/Sites/ Apps. You have full control regarding which emails you want to receive. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the instructions to unsubscribe, as provided in any of the communications. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective.
PHISHING
Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to us. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited email or telephone communication.
GRIEVANCE OFFICER
The grievance officer for the purpose of this Privacy Policy is already designated. If you have any questions or grievance regarding this Privacy Policy, or want to delete or modify your Personal Information, you shall mark your correspondence (given under the heading "Contact Us") in the name of grievanceofficer@altt.co.in. Any communication which is not marked as such shall not be treated as a valid and binding communication for the purpose of this Privacy Policy and applicable laws with respect to this Privacy Policy.
APPLICABLE LAWS AND JURISDICTION
The present policy shall be governed by the applicable laws of India and the courts of Mumbai, India only, shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to deal with matters relating to this Privacy Policy.
MISCELLANEOUS
The Terms of Use (as provided on the Sites/ Apps), and any other documents, instructions, etc. included on the Sites/ Apps shall be treated as co-terminus shall be read in conjunction with and shall be an integral part of these Privacy Policy.
Rent Now Sign In to Rent 
SKIP FOR NOW 
Sorry! This video is not available for your country, but there are many more shows and movies for you to watch!
Back 
Sorry! This video is not available at your current location, but you can watch all our original shows and movies anywhere you go!
OK 
Please login to continue.
Sign In 
SKIP FOR NOW 
To continue watching, and get unlimited access to all our videos, please subscribe.
SUBSCRIBE NOW 
SKIP FOR NOW 