Privacy Policy
We, at angelone.in, acknowledge and accept that the personal details that you impart to us, is to be kept in strict confidentiality and to use the information only in the manner which would be beneficial to our customers. We consider our relationship with you as invaluable and strive to respect and safeguard your right to privacy.
We shall protect the personal details received from you with the same degree of care to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination, or publication of these information as we protect our own confidential information of a like nature.
We shall use the personal information to improve our service to you and to keep you updated about our new product or information that may be of interest to you. The information collected from you would be used in the right spirit and context in which it is intended to be used. Your information would be used by us to process your trading request and to carry out the settlements of your obligations.
We would ensure that we collect personal information only to the extent it is necessary to administer our services in the best possible manner and what is required under the various regulations of Indian Laws. To ensure high quality services and high degree of value addition to you, we may combine the information given by you on the web or through other channels.
Collection of Sensitive Personal Data Or Information:
Angel One may for the purpose of rendering its services, collect personal information such as name, gender, residential / correspondence address, telephone number, date of birth, marital status, email address or other contact information.
Angel One may for the purpose of rendering its services, collect personal information such as pAN, KYC Status, Signature and Photograph.
Angel One may for the purpose of rendering its services, collect personal information such as bank account or other payment instrument details; or any other detail for providing services.
ANGEL ONE offers online platform System for carrying out trade transaction that collects such personal data or information to process your financial and non-financial transaction requests. The information so collected may be shared with SEBI/ NSE/ BSE/ MCX /Asset Management Companies of Mutual Funds/Registrar and Transfer Agents/Collecting Banks/KYC Registration Agencies etc. solely for the purpose of processing your transaction requests or serving you better.
Under certain circumstances we may be required to share the information given by you with the third parties, where we feel they can contribute to add value and improve the quality of services imparted by us to you. We shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that the confidentiality of your information is maintained by imposing strict confidentiality standards on all the third parties with whom we part these information. In all circumstances we shall ensure that your personal information is protected by strict confidentiality agreement. We shall not allow any third parties to retain your personal information longer than what is warranted by the nature of services rendered. We would also impart your personal information wherever it is required to be disclosed under law to any of the governmental agency or regulatory bodies. By agreeing to avail the service offered by ANGEL ONE you have agreed to the collection and use of your Sensitive Personal Data or Information by ANGEL ONE. You always have the right to refuse or withdraw your consent to share/dissemination of your Sensitive Personal Data or Information by contacting the customer care. However, in such an event, you would no longer avail the services of ANGEL ONE.
Minimal Brokerage Charges
₹0 brokerage on stock investments and flat ₹0 AMC for first year.
ARQ Prime
Make smart decisions with ARQ prime, a rule based investment engine
Technology Enabled
Trade or invest anywhere, anytime with our App or web platforms
Fast-track your investing journey with Us, India's fastest growing fintech company
+91
By proceeding, I agree to T&C and Privacy Policy.
Do you already have an account? Login
Open an Account
Initializing Search...
Copyright, All rights reserved
We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you and to provide you information & latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties.
Please note that by submitting the above mentioned details, you are authorizing us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. 
Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limits 
Disclaimer Privacy Policy 
Any Grievances related the aforesaid brokerage scheme will not be entertained on exchange platform.