You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Centre
RegisterSign in
Home
Rights and Requests
Contact Us
Help
Welcome to Asda's Privacy Centre
Our Promise
Asda is all about you, our customers and colleagues, our suppliers and our business partners. We value our relationship with you and the trust you place in us. 
Respect for the individual is at the heart of all we do, so we take our responsibilities regarding your privacy and personal data very seriously. 
Privacy Notice Explained
This privacy notice tells you about how we collect and process your personal data, and why we are allowed to do this. If you want to know more about your privacy rights and how to make a request, simply head to the Rights request page.
You may want to know more about certain types of processing, so in some sections below you'll find links to extra detail about more complex activities. 
Privacy Notice Updates
We regularly review and update our notices. You can see the date our notices were last updated at the bottom of each page. 
What is personal data?
Personal data (also known as personal information) is any information that identifies someone and any information that relates to that identified person. For example, if you have an Asda online account, your name and email address are information that identifies you and your orders are information that relate to you. 
Hide
Who is the Controller of your personal data? 
The Controller of your personal data is Asda Stores Limited (with a registered address at Asda House, Great Wilson Street, Leeds, LS11 5AD) unless we tell you otherwise. Contact Us for details on how to contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any questions or concerns about our handling of your personal data, or if you wish to make a complaint.
Hide
What personal data do we collect and how do we use it
Processing Purpose. Categories of personal data used. Legal Basis for Processing 
Delivering our Service 
To make sure you can shop with us, we need to provide the goods or services you have asked for. 
To make sure you can shop with us, we need to take payment from you and manage any refunds or charges. 
To make sure you can shop with us, we need to communicate with you about key information directly related to the product or service we are providing you with. 
To make sure you can shop with us, we need to register and maintain your account if you shop online or with Scan & Go. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID 
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Financial Information, such as encrypted payment card information 
Transaction Information, such as the orders or purchases you have made. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
These activities are necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us. 
Some activities require us to maintain records in order to comply with our legal obligations. 
Provision of the Asda Rewards App. This includes enabling registration and maintenance of your Asda Rewards account. 
Provision of the Asda Rewards App. This includes managing your Star Products, Missions, Cashpot and other benefits e.g. Blue Light discounts. 
Provision of the Asda Rewards App. This includes assigning pounds to your Cashpot. 
Provision of the Asda Rewards App. This includes protecting your Cashpot. 
Find out more about Asda Rewards here.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name, account ID, Blue Light ID, Asda Credit Card Account Information. 
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number. 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made or rewards you've earned. 
Activity Information, such as the missions or products you've interacted with.
These activities are necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us if you choose to become an Asda Rewards customer. 
Personalise your Asda Rewards Experience. Including providing personalised missions and star products.
Personalise your Asda Rewards Experience. Including providing personalised advertisements.
Personal Identifiers, such as your name, account ID, Blue Light ID. 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made, or rewards you've earned. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies. 
Activity Information, such as the missions or products you've interacted with.
We'll only display personalised adverts if we have your consent. 
We have a legitimate interest to ensure that we are providing products and services which meet your expectations and offers which are right for you. 
Provide and manage our customer service relationship with you. 
For example, when you communicate with Customer Services in-store, via the Customer Contact Centre or through online feedback forms.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID 
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Transaction Information, such as the orders you have made 
Activity Information, such as the feedback you have given us 
Where it relates to a product or service, these activities are necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us. 
In any other service context, we have a legitimate interest to understand how you are using our services and to apply the feedback provided to us. 
Get customer feedback. We may invite you to provide feedback on our products and the service you have received. 
Get customer feedback. We may use your feedback to understand your views on our products and services. 
Get customer feedback. We may celebrate great service or make improvements where this is required. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID 
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number
Financial Information, such as encrypted payment card information 
Transaction Information, such as the orders or purchases you have made. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
We have a legitimate interest to understand how you are using our services and to apply the feedback provided to us. 
Maintain our systems. 
There's a lot of technology powering what we do, from the systems that keep our stores stocked to the websites you interact with when you shop online. 
Information about customers may be needed to fix, develop or test our systems. See How do we protect and secure your personal data?. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID 
strongContact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Transaction Information, such as the orders or purchases you have made. 
strongActivity Information, such as the feedback you have given us 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
We have a legitimate interest to maintain the security of your information, and to ensure our technology tools are working at their best. 
Deliver an online experience relevant to you. 
For example, by reminding you of favourite items you may have forgotten, highlighting items which we think you'll love, and allowing you to customise your shopping experience.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID 
Transaction Information, such as the orders or purchases you have made. 
Activity Information, such your activity online
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
We have a legitimate interest to ensure that we are providing products and services which meet your expectations. 
Deliver a service relevant to your location. 
If you shop with us online or via our apps, we may, for example show you products which are available in your local store; or 
If you shop with us online or via our apps, we may, for example ensure your orders and parcels are ready for you when you arrive in store.
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
Location Information
We rely on your consent to use location information from your device. You can control this consent from your device settings or within our apps. 
Deliver a relevant Baby and Toddler club experience for you. 
If you choose to join the Asda Baby and Toddler Club, we will use some additional information to tailor the Club's resources to meet your family's needs.. 
personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID 
Contact Information, such as your email address 
Your child's date or birth, or the expected due date of a new arrival. 
We rely on the legal basis of consent to process your personal data for the Asda Baby and Toddler Club. 
We also rely on your consent to our use of sensitive or 'special category' data when you provide the due date of a pregnancy and age of your child/children. 
Understanding Our Customers 
To understand your needs. 
We want to ensure we're constantly delivering the very best for you. To do this we use information about you to understand where our products, services or technology could be improved. 
We want to ensure we're constantly delivering the very best for you. To do this we use information about you to understand how our products and services are performing, and what changes we should make. 
We want to ensure we're constantly delivering the very best for you. To do this we use information about you to understand who our customers are, and what kinds of things they like. 
We want to ensure we're constantly delivering the very best for you. To do this we use information about you to understand how different groups of customers shop with us. 
We want to ensure we're constantly delivering the very best for you. To do this we use information about you to understand how to best meet and exceed your expectations. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made 
Activity Information, such as your online activity 
Location Information -such as the stores you shop in. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
We have a legitimate interest to understand how you are using our services, and to ensure that we are providing products and services which meet your expectations. 
To understand you across all of our channels. 
There's a variety of ways to shop with us, so to understand how you're shopping we combine information across all our services. 
For example, we match the email address used in ASDA Groceries with your Scan & Go email address, and your transactions in-store to show favourites in your online account.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name, account ID, Rewards ID, Blue Light ID etc. 
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made, benefits you have used e.g. Blue Light discounts. 
Activity Information, such as your online activity, services you have used e.g. Asda Rewards 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
Financial Information, such as encrypted payment card information. 
We have a legitimate interest to understand how you are using all our different services, and to ensure that we are providing products and services which meet your expectations. 
To improve our partnerships 
Asda partners with other businesses to offer some services, including asda Mobile
Asda partners with other businesses to offer some services, including asda Money
Asda partners with other businesses to offer some services, including retail partnerships in store 
We're always looking to understand how we can make these partnerships better.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Activity Information, such as the services you use 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made 
We have a legitimate interest to understand how you are using our partner services, and to ensure that we are providing products and services which meet your expectations. 
There's other ways we can get to know you better. Some customers participate in surveys 
There's other ways we can get to know you better. Some customers participate in focus Groups 
There's other ways we can get to know you better. Some customers participate in experience Studies 
Read more about these here. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID 
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made online or instore 
Activity Information, such as your responses or the feedback you have given us 
Demographic Information, such as your age or background 
We rely on the legal basis of consent to process your personal data from Surveys and focus groups. You can withdraw your consent at any time, you'll be informed of how to do this at the point you join. 
Marketing find out more about this activity here 
Direct Marketing 
We may contact you with offers, suggestions, recipes and news about products and services we think you'll love. This may be by email 
We may contact you with offers, suggestions, recipes and news about products and services we think you'll love. This may be by sMS
We may contact you with offers, suggestions, recipes and news about products and services we think you'll love. This may be by post
We may contact you with offers, suggestions, recipes and news about products and services we think you'll love. This may be by app notifications 
We call this "direct marketing" when it's sent specifically to you.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID
Contact Information, such as your email address
App notifications also require Device & Online Identifiers. 
In some cases we are required to get 'opt-in' consent from you, e.g. you tick a box to say you want to receive marketing. 
In others, where we are marketing our products and services to existing customers, we can get permission by offering an 'opt-out' e.g. you tick a box to say that you don't want to receive direct marketing. 
Online Marketing 
When you're shopping online, we may display offers, suggestions, recipes and news about products and services we think you'll love.. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
Personal Identifiers, such as your account ID
We'll only display personalised marketing to you online if we have your consent. 
Marketing on other media 
Other media owners may show our advertising on their platform and help us to understand the effectiveness of our advertising.. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
Contact Information, such as your email address
We have a legitimate interest to promote the products and services provided by Asda 
Personalised marketing 
Where you have given us permission to send you or display personalised marketing, we use information about you to ensure that the marketing you receive is as relevant and useful to you as possible.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made 
Activity Information, such as your online activity 
Location Information -such as the stores you shop in. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
We understand the sorts of things you may be interested in on the basis of our legitimate interest to understand how you are using our products and services, but we'll only contact you with direct marketing if we have your consent. 
You can tell us more about yourself if you'd like us to do even more to ensure our offers and messages are just right.. 
Demographic Information, such as your birthday, or the types of product which interest you the most. 
We rely on the legal basis of consent to process this additional information. You can withdraw your consent or update your information from your online account. 
Understanding our marketing 
We always look to understand the effectiveness of our marketing, for example to know what types of customer have responded well to a particular event, or whether customers responded to an offer.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your account ID
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made 
Activity Information, such as your online activity 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
We have a legitimate interest to understand how customers interact with our marketing in order to improve future campaigns and to ensure our marketing meets your expectations 
Safety, Security & Legal Obligations 
As a responsible retailer, we take our legal obligations seriously. We may need to process information to comply with a legal obligation, or defend, manage or process legal claims.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name, account ID or vehicle registration
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made 
Activity Information, such as witness statements or incident reports. 
Audio & Visual Information, such as photographs or CCTV 
Financial Information, such as encrypted payment card information. 
Health Information, such as injury or accident records. 
Some activities require us to maintain records in order to comply with our legal obligations. 
In other cases, we have a legitimate interest to ensure we maintain accurate information when required for a legal reason. 
Age Restricted Sales 
When purchasing items which are age restricted sales we may need to confirm your age. We also make a record of age verification checks and refusals where required. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your date of birth. 
In some sites we offer you the choice to use a photograph of your face to estimate your age, find out more here. This is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations 
CCTV & Images 
We capture CCTV footage from cameras operating at all of our sites, and on many of our delivery vehicles. This is to protect the safety and wellbeing of our Customers, Colleagues, Suppliers, and Visitors. 
We capture CCTV footage from cameras operating at all of our sites, and on many of our delivery vehicles. This is to protect our property and assets. 
We capture CCTV footage from cameras operating at all of our sites, and on many of our delivery vehicles. This is to investigate incidents and learn from them.
Read more about how we use CCTV HERE. 
Audio & Visual Information, such as photographs or CCTV 
Personal Identifiers such as vehicle registration number 
We have a legitimate interest maintain a safe and secure place to work and shop 
Sometime this is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations 
Fraud and Security 
We continuously monitor for, and respond to, fraudulent or suspicious activity so that we can 
Protect our property and assets. 
Protect our customers and their accounts when shopping online. 
Ensure the accuracy of transactions in Scan & Go
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number
Activity Information, such as the transactions you have made. 
Financial Information, such as encrypted payment card information. 
Device & Online Identifiers, read more about cookies
We have a legitimate interest maintain a safe and secure place to work and shop 
Sometime this is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations 
Visitor Management 
If you're a visitor, rather than a customer, at one of our sites we'll make a record of your visit allowing us to effectively manage your safety and the safety of our site during your visit.. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and Vehicle Registration Number
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Activity Information, such as the purpose and time of your visit. 
In some sites, Audio & Visual Information such as your photo for ID badges.
We have a legitimate interest to ensure the safety and security of our colleagues, visitors and property. 
In some cases, visitor records must be maintained to enable us to meet our legal obligations with respect to Health & Safety 
Safety and Security Incidents 
If you are involved in a safety or security incident, we collect information to allow us to investigate and record the incident. See more information about incidents here. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and Vehicle Registration Number
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Audio & Visual Information, such as photographs or CCTV 
Activity Information, such as witness statements 
We have a legitimate interest maintain a safe and secure place to work and shop 
Sometimes this is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations 
Car Parks and Petrol Stations 
We take additional steps to manage our car parks and petrol stations safely and effectively. 
On some sites a third party maintains the car park, read more about car parks and petrol stations here. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and Vehicle Registration Number
Audio & Visual Information, such as photographs or CCTV 
Activity Information, such as your visit time & date. 
We have a legitimate interest maintain a safe and secure place to work and shop 
Sometime this is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations 
Other Activities 
To manage your participation in competitions, prize draws and promotions. 
To measure the success of our competitions and ensure we offer competitions our customers love. 
Read more about competitions and promotions here. 
Personal Identifiers, such as your name and account ID
Contact Information, such as your email address or phone number 
Activity Information, such as your competition entry, feedback or review
Transaction Information, such as the purchases you have made if these are relevant to the promotion
These activities are necessary for performance of the contract between you and us when you enter the competition. 
Some types of competition require us to comply with specific legal obligations 
We have a legitimate interest to understand how you are using our services, and to ensure that we are providing products and services which meet your expectations 
Innovations Store 
We're always working on new ideas to make the lives of our customers and colleagues better. Find out more about our innovations at Asda Stevenage here. We use intelligent cameras which review images of our products and shelves. These cameras may capture images of you. 
We use intelligent cameras directly overhead which may capture your image and convert this into data points which enable us to count customers.. We have a legitimate interest to provide great standards of availability and accuracy in the way our products are presented, to create a great place to work and shop, and to understand how you are using our services. 
Hide
Where do we collect your Personal Information from?
We collect most personal data directly from you, for example, when you register with us online, purchase products from us, enter a competition, get in touch with us, or help us investigate an accident or incident. 
We collect some personal data through observation, for example how you have used our websites or Apps, or when you are in the field of view of a camera or sensor in store. 
In some cases our partners provide us with personal data. For example: 
Our Asda Money and Asda Mobile partners may ask for your consent to receive marketing from Asda. If you'd like to hear from us, the partner will pass your information to Asda so that we can send you information about products and services relevant to you. Our partners may also provide information to help us better understand and improve the products and services they offer under the Asda brand and help improve marketing and promotions.
Retail partners, such as those with space in our shops, may provide us with personal data relating to you if you have shopped with them in our stores to help us assess the success of those partnerships. 
Asda uses Google Analytics tools to process information collected directly from you. Where Google have permission from their customers, they will combine limited information (such as website browsing data) associated with a customer's Google Account with Asda's information in the Analytics tool. Google do not use this combined information for its own purposes. 
Some external organisations may provide us with information for specific purposes, for example: 
The NHS may provide our Pharmacists or Optometrists with access to information about you to dispense medication or provide care to you. See Pharmacy here
Specialist consumer organisations may provide us with additional insight about you where you have given your consent for them to do so. 
We also collect information from some publicly available sources, such as social media sites like Twitter, Facebook and Instagram where you have published information related to Asda or reached out to contact us directly. 
Hide
Why are we allowed to collect and use your personal data?
When we use your personal data, we must have a legal basis to do so lawfully. We carefully review our activities to make sure we are allowed to process your personal data. The legal bases may include when You have specifically given us your permission. The law calls this consent. Where we need your consent to use your personal data for a particular purpose, we must be able to show that the consent is specific and informed, we must let you know what you are consenting to. 
When we use your personal data, we must have a legal basis to do so lawfully. We carefully review our activities to make sure we are allowed to process your personal data. The legal bases may include when You have specifically given us your permission. The law calls this consent. Where we need your consent to use your personal data for a particular purpose, we must be able to show that the consent is freely-given, you must have a genuine choice; for example, we couldn't say "by registering for Asda Free Wi-Fi, you consent to us sending you marketing emails" because that would prevent you from using the Wi-Fi service if you chose not to consent to marketing emails. 
When we use your personal data, we must have a legal basis to do so lawfully. We carefully review our activities to make sure we are allowed to process your personal data. The legal bases may include when You have specifically given us your permission. The law calls this consent. Where we need your consent to use your personal data for a particular purpose, we must be able to show that the consent is unambiguous, this means that you must have clearly indicated your wishes by confirming your agreement to a statement (e.g. by ticking a box) or taking some positive action to show that you intended to give your consent. 
When we use your personal data, we must have a legal basis to do so lawfully. We carefully review our activities to make sure we are allowed to process your personal data. The legal bases may include when unambiguous, this means that you must have clearly indicated your wishes by confirming your agreement to a statement (e.g. by ticking a box) or taking some positive action to show that you intended to give your consent. 
You are able to withdraw your consent at any time by getting in touch using the Contact Us page, or in many cases changing your account settings. 
Remember if you want to stop direct marketing, you can also click 'unsubscribe' on the email you receive, text 'STOP' on SMS or you can write to us at a return freepost address in relation to postal marketing. 
We need to use your personal data to meet our contractual obligations to you (known as for the performance of a contract). For example we collect your credit or debit card details to take payment for something you are buying from us. 
We need to use your personal data to meet our contractual obligations to you (known as for the performance of a contract). For example we collect your clothing size and other details to enable us to provide the clothes you have chosen to buy online. 
We need to use your personal data to meet our contractual obligations to you (known as for the performance of a contract). For example we use your address and contact details to arrange delivery of your orders. 
We need to use your personal data to enable us to run our business. The law calls it legitimate interests. We can only do this where we have assessed that there is little or no risk to you or your rights, and we do this by performing a balancing test.
We need to use your personal data to comply with a law or legal obligation that applies to us. 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes race.
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes ethnic origin; 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes political beliefs; 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes religious beliefs; 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes trade union membership; 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes genetics; 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes biometrics (where used for ID purposes); 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes health; 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes sex life; or 
When we collect sensitive (special category) information about you, we need to be extra careful about when it can be used and how we protect it. Special category personal data includes sexual orientation. 
We most commonly process special category personal data as part of our Optical and Pharmacy services and Accident & Incident reports. Sometimes you may choose to provide it, if relevant, during a Customer Service enquiry. 
We are allowed to do this when you have provided your consent for us to do so, or it is in your vital interests (e.g. seriously detrimental to your health if we do not use it) or we need to capture it for public health reasons or as part of legal proceedings. 
There are two other legal bases that we are allowed to use to collect your information. We only use these in very special circumstances as part of our Pharmacy services, or sometimes as part of our response to a serious accident or injury. These are public Interest. where we can collect information 'in the exercise of official authority'. This covers public functions and powers that are set out in law; or to perform a specific task in the public interest that is set out in law. 
There are two other legal bases that we are allowed to use to collect your information. We only use these in very special circumstances as part of our Pharmacy services, or sometimes as part of our response to a serious accident or injury. These are vital Interests, Where we need to collect your information to protect your life or someone else's life.
Hide
Who do we share your personal data with and who can access it? 
We have controls to limit access to your personal data to Individual colleagues who need it to do their job, such as processing your orders, providing customer service, supporting our technology tools or managing our operations; 
We have controls to limit access to your personal data to Select business partners and third parties, including Walmart Inc., who need it to provide services to Asda. These partners do not use information for their own purposes. These services include delivering your orders or providing courier service. 
We have controls to limit access to your personal data to Select business partners and third parties, including Walmart Inc., who need it to provide services to Asda. These partners do not use information for their own purposes. These services include hosting, maintaining or supporting our computer systems, websites, apps and technology platforms. 
We have controls to limit access to your personal data to Select business partners and third parties, including Walmart Inc., who need it to provide services to Asda. These partners do not use information for their own purposes. These services include running marketing campaigns. 
We have controls to limit access to your personal data to Select business partners and third parties, including Walmart Inc., who need it to provide services to Asda. These partners do not use information for their own purposes. These services include providing operational support, such as maintaining our vehicles or providing colleagues to work with us. 
We have controls to limit access to your personal data to Select business partners and third parties, including Walmart Inc., who need it to provide services to Asda. These partners do not use information for their own purposes. These services include providing a specialised service to us, such as consultancy. 
If requested, and where it is required or permitted by law, we may provide personal data to Official bodies, such as government agencies, local authorities, regulators and the police, who are authorised to request personal data where it is necessary for their lawful purposes; 
If requested, and where it is required or permitted by law, we may provide personal data to Asda's advisers, including lawyers, insurers, accountants and auditors; 
If requested, and where it is required or permitted by law, we may provide personal data to Other organisations such as law firms or insurance companies acting on behalf of individuals, who may request evidence containing personal data to support a claim in relation to an incident or accident involving their client at an Asda site.
If requested, and where it is required or permitted by law, we may provide personal data to Some of our insight and marketing activities require us to share limited information with other organisations in order to enable our campaigns to be effective. Read more about Insight & Marketing
If requested, and where it is required or permitted by law, we may provide personal data to The NHS and other healthcare providers.
If requested, and where it is required or permitted by law, we may provide personal data to Civil Recovery & Debt Collection services (if required)
If you would like to understand more detail about which trusted third parties we may share your personal data with, please get in touch with us using the Contact Us page.
Hide
Where do we store and process your personal data?
Personal data may be processed from a variety of different locations. This can include locally in the UK or other global locations depending on the computer systems utilized or the third party supporting that activity. Walmart Inc provides many of our systems and services from the US and India, and other third parties can be operating in different geographical locations. 
To ensure that personal data is handled in line with our high standards, including providing the same level of protection, we put in place transfer arrangements with companies that process personal data outside the European Economic Area for us. These agreements require that, wherever your personal data is held, it is protected to the same high standard as required by law in the UK. 
Hide
How long do we keep your personal data? 
Unless otherwise stated in our supplementary information we will keep your personal data for three years, from the point you last interact with us, then we will securely delete it. 
We do need to keep some anonymous information for longer than this, such as customers' shopping habits and buying patterns, so we can analyse it to identify trends in activity and buying habits. We remove all names, contact details and any other information that could identify individual customers, so it's all just anonymous numbers and data. 
Hide
How do we protect and secure your personal data?
We use security measures, including physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your personal data. These measures include encryption, security certificates, access controls, information security technologies, and specific policies and procedures. 
When designing or implementing new computer systems and processes we look at ways to identify and mitigate potential risks and then monitor and test our systems to help protect your personal data. 
Where possible, we also remove identifying information from our data. For example, we analyse data about our customers' shopping patterns and use this to help us improve our product lines, how we display them, how we lay out our stores and so on. However, we don't always need to know who these customers are to do that so, we remove the pieces of information that could identify them, such as names, contact details, addresses. 
Hide
Supplementary Notice Information
The following notices provide some additional details in relation to specific Asda activity that use personal data. For the fullest picture, we recommend that this information is read in parallel with our privacy notice. 
Asda Mobile
Asda Money Products and Services
Asda Opticians Services
Asda Pharmacy Services
Cookies
Not a customer?
Simply click on the links below to take you to the right information about how Asda uses your personal data. 
Asda Colleague
Asda Contractors
Asda Job Applicant 
Asda Pension Member
Supplier
Supplementary Notice Information
Specific Privacy Notices can be viewed online at website_url_lnk
Contact Us
Asda Stores Limited is considered Data Controller of your Personal Information. Where Asda Stores Limited is not Data Controller for a particular processing activity, we will explicitly make this known in the applicable notice.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any questions or concerns about our handling of your Personal Information, or if you wish to make a complaint.
By Email.
dataprotection@asda.co.uk
By Post.
Data Protection Officer 
Compliance Team 
Asda House 
Great Wilson Street 
Leeds 
LS11 5AD
Our Data Protection Officer can help you with requests to exercise your Privacy Rights and with enquiries or complaints relating to Asda's handling of your Personal Information.
If you need to contact the Information Commissioner's Office, you can find their contact details on their website at website_url_lnk
Last updated: 07/07/2022
Print this page
ASDA 2023
Store Locator
Jobs & Careers
About ASDA
In-Store Services
Blogs & Stories
Creating Change for Better
Asda Foundation
Corporate & Press
Community Champions
Groceries
Your Orders
Special Offers
Delivery Pass
Click & Collect
How to Shop
Express Delivery
George.com
Women
Men
Kids
Baby
Home & Garden
Toys
Opticians
Contact Lenses
Women's Glasses
Men's Glasses
Sunglasses
Kid's Glasses
Help & Advice
Money
Credit Card
Travel Money
Loans
Car Insurance
Pet Insurance
Travel Insurance
Other
Gift Cards
Mobile
Asda Online Doctor
Photo
Tyres
ToYou
Privacy Centre
Returns
Product Recalls
Cookies Settings
Asda Group of Companies
Modern Slavery Statement
Electrical Waste Recycling
ASDA 2023
ASDA2023