Privacy Policy
Nice to meet you! 
NAVER(hereinafter referred to as "Company" or "Service") complies with the regulations on personal information protection of related legislation including Personal Information Protection Act, Location Information Act, Communication Privacy Protection Act, Telecommunications Business Act, and does its best to protect user rights by developing Privacy Policy based on the related legislation. 
Any addition, deletion or modification to current Privacy Policy will be notified through Notification on the Service page at least seven days prior to such revision taking effect or through other easily noticeable means. Also, if significant changes are made to user rights, including changes to collection and use of personal information and disclosure of the information to third parties, we will notify at least 30 days prior to the intended changes. 
The following personal information is collected. 
In order to process member registration (or service registration), convenient customer service, and various other services, the company collects necessary personal information on the first use of the service. Required information includes name, date of birth, a phone number or email address depending on registration method, password, and device information. Your name, profile photo, and email address will be collected when you sign up with or link your Facebook account; your name, profile photo, and email address will be collected when you sign up with or link your Google account; your name and profile photo will be collected when you sign up with or link your LINE account; your NAVER ID, name, profile photo, and email address will be collected when you sign up with or link your NAVER account; and your name and email address will be collected when you sign up with or link your APPLE account; and your name and email address will be collected when you sign up with or link your Whale Enterprise account. In addition, information selectively gathered for the use of various features specialized for the service includes BAND account's profile photo, gender, names and mobile phone numbers of individual acquaintances invited by members, band information on certain groups, location information (latitude and longitude), and email address. Apart from the profile information of the BAND account, you can also separately set your profile information (profile photo or nickname) to use in the BAND where you have joined. Furthermore, an email address or a NAVER/LINE/Facebook/Google/Apple account information will be required when you log out of BAND to avoid any inconvenience at the time of your re-login. If email invitation authentication is set as a condition for a BAND membership, the leader or co-leader of that BAND can send an email invitation by registering the email address and name of the invitee. Then, invited members can enter their email address to authenticate and join that BAND. 
When using various individual services within BAND, other personal information may be collected after user agreement, and cases that require collection of additional information are as follows. 
If collecting additional personal information after user agreement: ▼ 
If using the following services within BAND, information is collected after user agreement, and if the relevant services are not used, then the information is not collected. 
For any registration of business information on BAND, your name, address, phone number, and email address will be collected to comply with the obligation to mark businesses for commerce activities within BAND. If using Bizcenter, to ensure the service delivery and payment of the item for business owners, the business information (name of representative, address, a copy of one's business license), manager information (name, phone number, email address), sender contact information (phone number or email) are collected, and for individuals, name, phone number, email address, sender contact information (phone number or email), and address may be collected to confirm their identity. If you register your refund account information, which is optional, your refund account information (bank name, account number, account holder or corporate name, a copy of one's business license) will be collected if you are a licensee. For individuals, your refund account information (bank name, account number), social security number (when requesting for the issuance of tax invoice) will be collected. If proposing a partnership to the Sticker Shop as a BAND partner, the manager name, phone number, and email information are collected for the review and approval of said proposal. Also, your name, birthdate, and phone number may be collected to check your identity when using the services. 
The user's name and email address will be collected when signing up for Partner Center. In case of using social advertising, to verify the identity of the advertiser or the person in charge of payment management for the advertisement account, to provide services and settle the service fee, and to settle the amount to be refunded from the charged amount, the name of the advertiser, mobile phone number, email address, and the bank account for refund (bank name, bank account number, name of account holder) shall be collected for individual advertisers, whereas information on business (name of representative, address), the payment manager (name, mobile phone number, email address), and the bank account for refund (bank name, bank account number, name of account holder or corporation, a copy of one's business license) shall be collected for business advertisers. When issuing a tax invoice, the name and resident registration number are collected in accordance with Article 23 of the Value Added Tax Act, and the name and date of birth are collected for user identification. 
For event/promotion, additional information may be collected from the users of the relevant services during progress, and if additional information is collected then at the point of information collection, the 'collected personal information, personal information collection and purpose, and personal information storage period' are notified and user agreement is prompted. 
For any inquiries about the service, your email address and login account (an email address or a mobile phone number subscribed to BAND) will be collected without any exception, whereas the phone number will be selectively collected. In the event where you file a report on any infringement upon rights, we collect your name, date of birth, mobile phone number, email address, and identification information (the last 7 digits of the resident certificate and address are masked). If filed by an agent with a power of attorney, the agent's name and date of birth will be collected additionally. If requesting your information and the content you have created, your email address will be collected to process download requests and related customer inquiries. 
In addition, a unique device ID may be issued and stored for each device or browser during the BAND service registration process, and the location information, accessing IP information, access (or authentication) log, ADID or IDFA, date and time of access, service use record, disciplinary action or suspension record, information uploaded by the user, payment history and cookies may be collected while using the service use or for business processing. 
The mentioned personal information is collected during BAND program execution or use through creation information collection tools, and partial information is received by writing, fax, phone, inquiry forums, and emails, and may also be received from partner companies. 
Personal Information is utilized for providing seamless service, member management, developing new service and service notice purposes. 
Your personal information will be used to identify the trade name within the service to which you subscribe, verify your age and obtain the consent of your legal representative, verify the identity of users and their legal representatives, connect to the account via the connecting means (NAVER, LINE, Facebook, or Google) configured by you, invite your acquaintances and provide contents, and provide certain customized services. Such information could also be used for delivering products of bill, identification, purchase and settlement, collecting payment and checking payment information and purchase history for customer consultation if the user is using paid service. Also, it is utilized for various member management efforts including identification according to the use of membership-based services, identity confirmation, to prevent dishonest or unauthorized use of the Company's services, to verify intention to join, to check duplicate subscription, to retain records for settlement of conflicts, to process civil complaints including customer complaints and to deliver notices. 
Furthermore, such personal information could be used for various marketing and advertisement activities. This includes, developing new services, providing customized services relating to the services already provided by the company, providing services and place advertisements based on statistical characteristics, confirming validity of the service, providing information on events and advertisements as well as opportunities to participate in these events, and identifying access frequency and statistics on member's service usage. 
Personal Information will only be used within the notified scope and shall not be disclosed to the third party without your prior consent. 
Company uses your personal information within the indicated scope in regards to the purpose for collection and use of personal information. Name and profile picture are disclosed for the purpose of identifying each other while using the service. Depending on how you had configured your setting, your birthdate and mobile phone number can be exposed in BAND. Also if you invite a friend to BAND, your name and profile image will be exposed for the invitee to recognize you and if you select your contact number as the invitation means, your phone number will be exposed to the invitee since the invitation message gets delivered via SMS. Should you have connected LINE account with BAND, the connection with LINE will be displayed, enabling 'Chat on LINE' feature, however such feature will be limited only to the BAND where you had joined, thereby exposed to only the members of the corresponding BAND. 
Other than the above reason, personal information is not used or publicized without prior agreement, however the following instances are exceptions. First, the user has agreed in advance. If you agree to use the service of a third party affiliated with BAND, the personal information of the gift shop users (profile name and photo, subscribed BANDs and member list) may be provided to WINCUBE Marketing Co., Ltd. to operate or develop services, and provide customer consultation. If you agree to use BAND book/photo printing service, your profile photo and name, subscribed private BANDs and friend list, and all posts and information within the BAND may be provided to Bollog Co., Ltd. In addition, where you use the LINE PLAY services, your profile name and photo, subscribed BANDs and member list may be provided to LINE Corporation for the subscription/account connection and social activities. When using the NAVER Pay remittance service, the BAND internal identifier, NAVER ID, profile information (nickname, image), and device ID (IDFV, Android ID) to NAVER Financial Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "NAVER Financial") are provided with the consent of the sender and receiver. However, since the time of remittance and the time of receiving money do not exactly match, inevitably during the temporary period of waiting for remittance, in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 4 of the Personal Information Protection Act, the recipient's personal information (BAND internal identifier, profile information) may be provided prior to the consent. Recipients can receive the money after agreeing to the provision of personal information. If the remittance is not completed, NAVER Financial will delete the personal information provided before the consent without delay. We will provide guidance on the personal information provided for each service at the time of your agreement. The provided personal information content may be added or changed during service, and if required personal information to use partner services is changed then additional agreement is needed. In addition, if sending gifts or product information between users through Gift Shop service, the receiver's name, profile photo, and domestic user information will be made public when the sender selects a receiver from his/her friends list. In this case, only Band members in the Bands you are part of can be selected. Personal information shared for these purposes is stored/used until the end of service. In addition, if the personal location information is provided to a third party designated by the subject of the personal location information, the subject is immediately notified of the recipients of the information, the date of provision, and the purpose of provision each time. 
Furthermore, your personal information is subject to be disclosed when demanded by the legislation of Korea, and when an investigative agency makes a request based on the process and method defined by the legislation, it shall be considered an exception. 
To provide a safe remittance service between BAND members, additional personal information is provided in accordance with Article 17, Paragraph 4 of the Personal Information Protection Act considering the following factors. 
When transferring money between BAND members using NAVER Pay service within BAND, both the sender and the receiver must agree to the provision of personal information to a third party, and only after the consent, can the transfer be executed and received. 
At the same time as the remittance, the recipient's personal information is also provided to NAVER Financial, and if the recipient has not yet agreed to the provision of personal information, the recipient's personal information (BAND internal identifier, profile information) can be inevitably provided for a limited time prior to consent. Since the purpose of providing this personal information is only for remittance between BAND members, personal information within the scope related to the purpose of collecting and using personal information in the BAND service will be provided. 
When considering the customary practice of not obtaining prior consent for the provision of personal information to the recipient in mostly similar services such as bank transfer and gift giving using a mobile phone number, it is predictable that the recipient's personal information may be passed on to the company providing the remittance service. 
It does not infringe on the interests of users as personal information is processed only for the purpose of safe remittance between BAND members. In cases where remittance is not completed, NAVER Financial has applied protective measures for safe handling of personal information, such as deleting the personal information provided before consent without delay. 
The company entrusts personal information for service enhancement, and regulates necessary measures to ensure safe management of entrusted personal information. 
The Company defines necessary measures when it comes to signing entrust contract in accordance with related legislation to ensure safe management of entrusted personal information. The entrusted company and entrusted work are defined below. 
Entrusted Company. Details of Entrusted Business. Retention and Usage Period of Personal Information 
InComms. Customer consultation. Until the member withdraws membership or the entrustment agreement term has expired 
Greenweb Service. Service operation 
NAVER CLOUD Corp.. System operation for service provision 
NAVER BAND Inc., WORKS MOBILE JAPAN. Customer consultation, Service operation 
N Tech Services. Service development and test 
NIT Service. Infra management 
Infobank. Carrier direct SMS authentication & SMS service transmission system 
KG Mobilians, SCI Information Service Inc., Korea Credit Bureau Corp.. Checking DI and CI through mobile verification 
The company also stores and protects personal data overseas to safely protect users' personal data from disasters and calamities. 
Entrusted Company. NAVER CLOUD Corp. 
Storage Location. Singapore (#24-01, Vision Exchange, 2 Venture Drive, Singapore 608526) 
Date and method of entrustment. July 13, 2020 
Remote transmission through the dedicated network 
Contact of person in charge of Information management. dl_ncloud_privacy@navercorp.com 
Items of Personal information to be entrusted. Only a minimal amount of user data required for recovery 
Details of Entrusted Business. Data backup among nations to protect personal information safely from disaster 
Retention and Usage Period of Personal Information. In accordance with the period prescribed in this Privacy policy 
NAVER BAND's services are provided globally, and customer service for US and Japan users is partially handled by local offices. In order to process customer service for US and Japan users, local offices for each respective country may use basic personal data required for work within a limited scope. 
Entrusted Company. NAVER BAND Inc.. WORKS MOBILE JAPAN 
Location of Entrusted Company. United States (5750 Wilshire Blvd, STE 640, Los Angeles, CA 90036, US). Japan (Jingumae Tower Building 11F, 1-5-8 Jingumae, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, 150-0001, JAPAN ) 
Date and method of entrustment. August 1, 2016 
Process consigned work by accessing internal system. February 1, 2018 
Process consigned work by accessing internal system 
Contact of person in charge of Information management. Help Center. Help Center 
Items of Personal information to be entrusted. Basic personal data required for customer consultation and service operation in the US. Basic personal data required for customer consultation and service operation in Japan 
Details of Entrusted Business. Customer consultation and service operation for US users. Customer consultation and service operation for Japan users 
Retention and Usage Period of Personal Information. In accordance with the period prescribed in this Privacy Policy. In accordance with the period prescribed in this Privacy Policy 
For non-Korean users, carrier-direct SMS/voice authentication is entrusted to overseas companies, and authentication for some domestic users can also be processed. 
Entrusted Company. Vonage Business Inc.. INFOBIP LTD 
Storage Location of Entrusted Items. Singapore (Building #18-104, Suntec Tower Five, WeWork, 5 Temasek Boulevard, Singapore, 038985). Singapore (20 Ayer Rajah Crescent, Singapore 139964) 
Date and method of entrustment. Sent through network upon SMS/voice verification request. Sent through network upon SMS/voice verification request 
Contact of person in charge of Information management. privacy@vonage.com. data-protection- officer@infobip.com 
Items of Personal information to be entrusted. Mobile phone number (including country code). Mobile phone number (including country code) 
Details of Entrusted Business. Carrier-direct SMS/voice authentication. Carrier-direct SMS/voice authentication 
Retention and Usage Period of Personal Information. Stored for 13 months after information has been sent out. Stored for 12 months after information has been sent out 
After fulfilling the purpose of collecting and using personal information, the information is destroyed without delay according to the following method. 
Your personal information is destroyed without delay in case of account deletion or after the purpose of personal information collection and use is accomplished. 
Personal information that has already been used for the collection purpose is transferred to a separate DB (if on paper, a separate cabinet), then stored for a certain period then destroyed according to internal policies and other related laws for the purpose of information protection(refer to personal information storage and use period). At this time the relevant personal information is not used for any other purpose than storage unless required by law. In addition, if the member does not use the service for more than one year, the personal information of the member is destroyed or stored and managed separately. However, in order to manage children's personal information more safely, accounts of members under the age of 13 who have not used the service for 5 years will be terminated and personal information will be destroyed without delay. 
Due to internal policies unauthorized use records are stored for 6 months after membership cancellation in order to prevent duplicate registration and use, and due to related laws and regulations on consumer protection in electric commerce any records of contracts, cancellation, payments, and supply of goods are stored for 5 years, consumer complaints or disputes are stored for 3 years, and according to Protection of Communications Secrets Act website visitation records are stored for 3 months. When your personal location information is used or provided, the company automatically records the use and provision of the subject's personal location information in the location information system based on the Act on the Protection and Use of Location Information and stores such for at least 6 months. 
When destroying collected information, personal information-written paper is disposed by shredding or incineration and personal information stored as a digital file is deleted through technical methods that prevent restoration or recovery. 
You can view / modify your personal information at anytime and request for deletion of your information. 
You can view and modify your registered personal information at anytime and if do not approve Company's processing of personal information; you can also refuse to agree or request termination of account (withdrawal of membership). However, in those cases you may have limited or no access to the services. 
To view or edit your personal information while using the service, click 'Profile setting' to view or correct the information directly, or go to BAND Help, 'Signup and login', 'I want to download my personal information and my content history' to download your account information and the content you created. To terminate your membership (withdraw consent), click 'Termination of Service' to withdraw your membership. You may also contact the personal information manager in writing or by email for immediate measures. 
Furthermore, for BAND users under the age of 14, the legal guardian has the right to view or modify the child's personal information, and the right to withdraw the consent of collecting and using. If the legal guardian of a child under the age of eight, an adult, or a person with a mental disability according to Article 2, Paragraph 2, Subparagraph 2 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities Act severely disabled according to Article 2, Subparagraph 2 of the Act on the Employment Promotion and Vocational Rehabilitation of Persons With Disabilities (hereinafter referred to as 'children under the age of eight, etc.') agrees to the use or provision of personal location information in order to protect the life or body of children under the age of eight, etc., the concerned is deemed to consent. A legal guardian who wishes to consent to the use or provision of personal location information in order to protect the life or body of children under the age of eight, etc. must submit a written consent form proving the legal guardianship to the Company, and the legal guardian giving consent to the use or provision of personal location information of children under the age of eight, etc. can exercise all rights as the subject of the personal location information. 
If you had requested correction of errors in the personal information, the concerned information will not be available or disclosed until the correction is made. In addition, if the incorrect personal information has already been provided to a third party, immediate action will be taken to make corrections by notifying the third party of the updates. 
If you request for termination of account or deletion of personal information, the concerned information will be processed only as indicated in section regarding period of retention and use of personal information, and will not be viewed or used for any other purpose. 
Cookie is utilized for the web service provision. 
The Company uses cookies that save and frequently recall your information, in order to provide personalized and customized services. Cookies are very small text files sent to your browser by the website's server, and are saved in your device. When you revisit the website, its server reads cookies saved in your device and uses them to maintain user configuration and provide customized service. Cookies help you when you access BAND website by allowing you to access it comfortably as you had configured. We utilize cookies to provide you with the optimized and customized information including advertisements based on the analysis of your patterns of visiting and using BAND services and websites. 
Cookies do not automatically or actively collect personal identification information, therefore you can always refuse saving cookies or delete them. You can adjust options on your web browser to allow all cookies, confirm each time that a cookie may be stored, or disallow all cookies. However, if you reject all cookies, there may be limitations in using certain services, which require log-in. 
We make technical and administrative measures to protect your personal information. 
Company stores and manages your personal information in encrypted form, according to related legislation and internal policy for the purpose of safety acquisition that will prevent loss, theft, leak, falsification or damage of personal information while handling such information. Company does its best to prevent leakage or damage of the user's personal information by hacking or computer viruses. 
Company also frequently makes back-up copies of the personal information in case of deterioration, prevents leakage or damage of the information by using the latest vaccine programs, and uses encrypted communication to facilitate safe transmission of personal information on the network. In addition, the Company controls external intrusion utilizing intrusion prevention system, and does its best to be equipped with all possible technological instruments to ensure system security. 
Also, the Company restricts handling of the information only to authorized employee who is issued with a separate password, which is periodically updated. The employee in charge of the personal information management is constantly reminded of the importance of adherence to the Company's privacy policy of through employee training conducted frequently so that in case of occurrence of any issue, the correction can be done in a swift manner. However, Company does not take any responsibility for problems related to leakage of personal information such as account information and password caused by user's carelessness or internet connection. 
Company takes great care and always strives to safely protect your personal information, and these activities are made public through the 'BAND privacy protection' page. 
The Company also has designated manager and employee responsible for personal information management. We will notify you if there is any change in advance. 
You may file all your complaints with regard to personal information protection in services of the Company to the department in charge of protection of personal information (Help Center). Company will swiftly and fully respond to your reports. 
Please refer to the organizations below for further consultation or report on other cases of personal information infringement personal Information Infringement Report Center (Please contact KISA or call 82-118) 
Please refer to the organizations below for further consultation or report on other cases of personal information infringement high-tech Crime Investigation Section, Supreme Prosecutors' Office (Please contact Supreme Prosecutor's office or call 82-1301) 
Please refer to the organizations below for further consultation or report on other cases of personal information infringement cyber Terror Response Center (Please contact the police or call 82-182) 
This Privacy Policy will be applied to BAND and related services (including web/app), and for users of "BAND For Kids app" under the age of 13 in the United States, the provisions under the Privacy Policy for the children of the United States will be applied to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and its enforcement rules. 
We inform you that this Privacy Policy will not be applicable to the personal information collected by websites linked to the service. 
APPENDIX 
Jurisdiction-Specific Addendum 
United States of America. For Users in, or whose usual residence is in the United States of America (the "US Users"), the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Privacy Policy, the following terms shall prevail. 
Information for California Residents Only 
This section supplements the information contained in the BAND Privacy Policy and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California. This section describes your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning as when used herein. 
What is the CCPA? 
The CCPA is a California law that provides California residents certain rights to their personal information. If you want to know more about CCPA, please search for "CCPA California" in the search engines. 
California residents, called "consumers" in the CCPA, have the following rights: the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the past 12 months 
California residents, called "consumers" in the CCPA, have the following rights: the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions 
California residents, called "consumers" in the CCPA, have the following rights: the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information by us 
California residents, called "consumers" in the CCPA, have the following rights: the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA 
We will explain more about how to exercise these rights below. 
When we talk about "personal information" under the CCPA, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked to, directly or indirectly, a particular consumer or household. Personal information does not include publicly available information or information that is deidentified or aggregate consumer information. 
Information We Have Collected About Consumers in the Preceding 12 Months 
The following chart sets out the CCPA categories of personal information we have collected from consumers within the last twelve months. 
Category. Examples. Source. Collected 
Identifiers. Name, IP address, email address, cookie string data, pseudonymous data (e.g. hashed emails), operating system, device type, mobile device's identifier, and other unique identifier that may be assigned to any device by third parties and cross-referenced to recognize a device.. Consumer, advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, social networks, business operation service providers.. Yes. 
Personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Consumers, business operation service providers.. Yes 
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).. Consumer, data analytics providers, social networks, business operation service providers.. 
Yes 
Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.. Consumer, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, business operation service providers.. Yes 
Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data... No 
Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.. Consumer, advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, business operation service providers.. Yes 
Geolocation data... Yes 
Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. 
Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations.. Consumer, social networks.. No 
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U. S. C. Section 1232g, 34 C. F. R Part 99)). Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records... Yes 
Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.. Third party data providers.. Yes 
The Purposes for Which Personal Information is Collected 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to provide, support, personalize, and develop our Services 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to personalize your experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our digital properties, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law) 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our digital properties, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our digital properties, products, and services 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA 
We may collect the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Naver Corp.'s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Naver Corp. about our Services users is among the assets transferred 
Sharing Personal Information 
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or commercial purpose (as set out above). This includes identifiers 
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or commercial purpose (as set out above). This includes california Customer Records personal information categories 
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or commercial purpose (as set out above). This includes protected classification characteristics under California or federal law 
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or commercial purpose (as set out above). This includes commercial information 
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or commercial purpose (as set out above). This includes internet or similar network activity 
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or commercial purpose (as set out above). This includes professional or employment-related information 
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or commercial purpose (as set out above). This includes inferences drawn from other personal information 
Sale of Your Personal Information 
The CCPA defines a "sale" of personal information as the disclosure, sharing, or making available of a consumer's personal information by a business to another business or third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. It is not a sale if a consumer uses or directs the business to intentionally disclose personal information or uses the business to intentionally interact with a third party. 
You have the right to instruct us to stop the kind of sharing that the CCPA treats as "sales" and not to engage in that kind of sharing in the future, unless you choose to allow it. Please be aware there may be circumstances where we can share information with others even if you instruct us to stop "selling" your personal information, as permitted under the CCPA. For example, we may still be able to share information with our service providers so that they can provide services to us. In addition, your instruction to stop "selling" your personal information will not affect sharing that occurred before you gave us the instruction. 
Naver Corp. does not sell or monetize your personal information; We share certain information about your device and interaction with our Services to enhance your experience with us and to engage in the legitimate business purpose of advertising and marketing. 
You may opt-out of the sale of your personal information by visiting BAND Help Center. (band_help@naver.com) We do not have actual knowledge that it sells the personal information of minors under the age of 16. 
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights 
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. Agents must submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, however we encourage you to make request through your account if you have one. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. 
We verify requests by sending a confirmation email to the requestor and by matching the identifying information provided by the consumer to the personal information already maintained by us. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: verify your identity or authority to make the request; and confirm the personal information relates to you. If we are unable to verify the identity of a consumer to a enough degree of certainty, we will deny the request and explain the reason for the denial. 
Exercising Access and Deletion Rights 
To ensure the BAND member's right to access, we provide a feature to download the personal information registered in the BAND account and the content created by the member. You may request the feature by going to the BAND website, Help Center, Signup and Login, 'I want to download my personal information and my content history'. To exercise the right to access/delete under the CCPA, or send inquiries, please contact the Band Help Center. 
Date of implementation : February 20, 2023 
Loading