Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for the Online Account
The terms and conditions below govern your use of the Blue Light Card website. Blue Light Card is operated by Blue Light Card Ltd, Company Registration Number 06581540. When Blue Light Card is mentioned below it will refer to Blue Light Card Ltd and will cover its employees, directors or shareholders. 
These terms and conditions concern the use of the website, including the use of the online offers, gift cards and other saving options on the website. This includes the use of the Blue Light Card, the processes of purchasing this, and other services that may be provided by Blue Light Card. Please read through the terms and conditions carefully. If you do not agree with any of the terms and conditions, do not use this website. If you do use the website, your conduct indicates that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions and do not hold Blue Light Card or any of its employees, directors or shareholders accountable for any information contained or not contained within the website and any services that it provides. 
Blue Light Card provides discount codes for companies offering goods and services. The transactions that take place with these companies are done through their external sites and thus are not completed on the Blue Light Card website. Therefore, it is the companies that are responsible for the transaction security on any purchases made. 
Blue Light Card reserves the right to remove any user from the site, freeze their account and revoke their membership without prior warning if it feels the member is a breach to security or could be in the future. 
Blue Light Card reserves the right to remove any user found to be abusing the discount codes or any other call to actions provided, and ban them from the website. This can be conducted without consent of the member. 
Registered members are responsible for the safe keeping of user names and passwords and must make sure that they take all necessary steps not to disclose information to unauthorised users. Blue Light Card reserves the right to ask any of its members to change their password at any point it deems necessary to protect the account. 
Members must not create multiple accounts or try to change their member ID. If a password is forgotten or lost then the user must go through the appropriate route: the forgotten password link. Members must contact Blue Light Card if this cannot be achieved, through the Contact area of the website. Multiple accounts will not be approved by Blue Light Card staff. Email addresses can be updated by visiting the My Account area once logged in to the website. 
Members must make sure that their information is correct and up to date at all times. If any change of status occurs, members are required to update their account or inform Blue Light Card of any changes. Please see the Privacy Notice as to the information that we will hold on you. 
The use of this website is reserved for those of the UK's Emergency Services, NHS and Armed Forces. The qualification criteria for this service is determined by Blue Light Card Ltd. Members must be aged 16+ to qualify. 
We reserve the right to remove any member found to be breaching the eligibility criteria as listed above. 
All companies listed on the Blue Light Card website reserve the right to add, amend or withdraw their offer at any time. 
Should an offer not work and not provide a discount, it is up to the member to contact Blue Light Card to notify and report this. If a member continues with their purchase without the discount, then the member has authorised the transaction with no discount and it will be down to the company's discretion as to whether they provide a refund on the discount amount. 
Blue Light Card displays links and codes for companies wanting to offer a discount to members of the service. All information on an offer page is provided directly by the company themselves and therefore Blue Light Card cannot be held responsible for any errors. This includes if an offer is not working, a link is out of date or the company text incorrect. 
Other advertisements contained on the Blue Light Card website contain materials created and submitted by third parties. Blue Light Card does not accept liability for this material or any issues that may arise from this. 
The Blue Light Card website contains links to third party websites that are not maintained or controlled by Blue Light Card. Whilst Blue Light Card does pick its companies carefully it cannot be held liable for any material on these sites and any illegal or wrong information on these sites. 
Blue Light Card uses cookies to track the sales made on third party websites by members. No personal data is passed to third party websites and we use member ID numbers that have no relationship to personal details to track with. By signing up to Blue Light Card and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you agree for Blue Light Card to put these cookies on to your computer/device. Please see the Cookie Policy for full details on the cookies that we use and the purposes of each. 
Laws governing the terms and conditions on this website shall be subject to the laws of England and Wales. These shall exclusively govern the interpretation, application and effect of all the above permissions, exclusions, licenses and conditions of use. 
Blue Light Card endeavours to ensure the service it provides is free from defects though it is not responsible or liable for any consequential errors or omissions within the service. 
All trademarks referred to on this website are acknowledged as the property of their respective owners. Blue Light Card, its directors and its employees cannot be liable for any copyright or trademark infringements. 
Affiliate Networks
Blue Light Card are paid by some of the retailers featured on our service when a member makes a purchase. When you click through to a retailer from our service, your browser may redirect you via an affiliate network which drops a cookie on your computer. The cookie stores tracking information so that when you visit a retailer via our service, any purchases made will result in the retailer knowing that this purchase has been referred by Blue Light Card. The retailer will then send us information about your purchase. No personal information such as your name or email address is involved in this process. Whilst we do not drop the affiliate network cookie, we just wanted to tell you about it before you use our service to make a transaction.
Physical Blue Light Cards:
Cards are posted to the address that the member provides on their application. Once this card has left the Blue Light Card offices, it is held by Royal Mail and delivered to the address provided. Blue Light Card are not responsible for loss or non-arrival of post once the card has left Blue Light Card property. 
Blue Light Card cannot refund a purchase for a card that has been posted out. A refund will only be provided if Blue Light Card is in possession of the card the refund is required for. Refunds are only available on cards returned to us within 28 days of dispatch. 
Members are responsible for the safe keeping of their card and must make sure that they do not lose their card. If a card is lost or stolen members must inform Blue Light Card and make them aware of this. New cards can be purchased for £4.99 (admin fee) for a 2-year card. 
The £4.99 payment fee is an admin processing fee, paid by a member for the Blue Light Card Team to process their card application. Once paid, this admin fee is valid for a 12-month period, during which the member needs to provide the relevant information to process their card application. If this time period lapses, then this fee will be non-refundable. If, after liaising with the Blue Light Card team, it is deemed that the member is not eligible then they will be refunded in accordance with the Blue Light Card refund policy. 
All members must provide their own ID. Blue Light Card is not responsible for proving a member's eligibility for the service. 
Any ID that we receive via the post will be destroyed. Please make sure any ID sent is a photocopy and not any original documents. 
Non-arrival of Blue Light Cards must be reported to us within a 90-day period. Outside of this three-month period, cards will be classed as lost and a new card application will require a payment of £4.99. 
Blue Light Card are not responsible for non-arrivals of any post sent to us. 
Blue Light Card uses first and third party cookies and other similar technologies to provide you with the best experience on our website and mobile application.
We use functional cookies and other similar technologies to allow us to recognise you, remember your preferences and add personalisation.
We use analytics cookies to understand how our website and mobile application is being used and track your movement around our website and mobile application to improve how they work and assess the popularity of our partners.
We also use marketing cookies to send and display to you relevant advertisements and content based on your interests and to recognise you on different devices.
By clicking accept and continue you consent to these cookies. To reject cookies or to set your preferences, click Manage.
You can choose your cookies and change your preferences at any time. For further information about the cookies we store and how we process personal data, please visit our Cookie Policy or our Privacy Notice.
Manage Agree to all