Search
Log in Register 
Menu
USER PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: August 31st 2023
Brainly, like you, cares about privacy. We hope that this Privacy Policy will help you understand what personal data we collect when you use Brainly's website or mobile app (together, our "Platform"), how we use your personal data, and the rights and options you have regarding your personal data.
The highlighted text is intended to give you a simple summary of the more complicated parts of our Privacy Policy. These summaries are for your reference and are not a substitute for the term of the Privacy Policy. 
If, after reviewing this Privacy Policy, you have any questions about Brainly's use of your personal data, please contact us at privacy@brainly.com. By using our services, you acknowledge you have read, understand and agree with this Privacy Policy and that we collect, use, and share your information as set forth below. 
What is Brainly?
What data does Brainly collect?
How does Brainly use your data?
With whom does Brainly share your personal data?
Where is your data processed?
For how long does Brainly store your personal data?
Cookies and "Do Not Track"
Online Advertising and Analytics
Use of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning
What are your rights?
Note to Parents
Managing your personal data
Updating this policy
Contact us
Country-Specific information
What is Brainly?
Summary: We help you answer questions. Through text, image, or voice, students can ask anything and get specific answers. Brainly is what the laws call a "data controller" of all personal data you share with us. 
Brainly is a learning platform where students and parents engage with each other for help with homework. Parents, students, teachers, experts, and other people who use our Platform or create an account are bound by this Privacy Policy and will be referred to as "you," "your," or "user." 
The full name of Brainly is Brainly spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością, and throughout this policy we will refer to ourselves as "Brainly," "we," "our," or "us." Our registered office is in Krakow (post code 31-158) at ul. Krowoderska 63B/6, our mailing address is ul. Zabłocie 43A, floor 5, Kraków (post code 30-701), and our registration number in the register of entrepreneurs is KRS 0000354511. Brainly is considered a data controller pursuant to applicable data privacy laws. 
Brainly has appointed a Data Protection Officer whom you can contact at privacy@brainly.com for all matters relating to personal data, including, in particular, the exercise of your rights in relation to Brainly's processing of your personal data. 
What data does Brainly collect?
Summary: We collect information about you such as: your email, age, and phone number, User Content (e.g.: photos, videos, questions and answers posted, comments, etc.), technical information about how you connect to our Platform, for example the type of device you are using and the type of connection, payment information in connection with a purchase and more, as listed below. 
We collect the following personal data about you: Information you provide to us directly, We may collect personal data, such as your name, address, email, telephone number, age, password, payment information, any communications between you and Brainly, and any other information you provide directly to Brainly while using our Platform.
We collect the following personal data about you: Information provided to us by your child, If you are a parent or a legal guardian of a minor (depending on your country), we may also collect your email, telephone number and payment information provided to us by your child for them to use our Platform.
We collect the following personal data about you: User Content, We collect the content you post or otherwise submit to our Platform ("User Content"). User Content may include any content you post to our Platform, including comments on another user's questions, and any content you provide through messages, chat, or other functionality.
We collect the following personal data about you: Information about how you connect with our Platform, We may collect information about your networks and connections such as your IP address, location, Internet connection type, information about the hardware and software you use to connect to and interact with our Platform, and other unique identifiers, including cookie data (see Section 7 below below).
We collect the following personal data about you: Information collected from third parties, We may collect information about your activities outside of our Platform provided to us by advertisers, third-party data providers or other business partners. We require that a third-party has a lawful right to collect, use and share your personal data with us. If you log in to your Brainly user account with your Apple, Google or Facebook account or accounts from other third-party services we may also receive information from these accounts. The information we receive depends on your settings and the privacy policies of such third parties.
We collect the following personal data about you: Payment information, If you decide to make a purchase through our Platform, we may collect payment information in connection with such a purchase, including via third-party payment processors.
We collect the following personal data about you: Tests and research, If you decide to take part in a test or research survey with our teams to provide feedback and help improve our Platform, we may collect your email, phone number and any contact information needed for the test or research survey as well as the recording of those interactions, if applicable. You will be required to provide specific consent to take part in tests and research surveys.
How does Brainly use your data?
Summary: We need to use the information listed above to: help set up your account, communicate with you, respond to our legal obligations, respond to your requests, keep our Platform free of harmful content, show you relevant ads, make our Platform better, personalize what you see, and more, as listed below. 
When you register a user account to use our Platform, We use necessary information about yourself when you register a user account. Certain features and activities on our Platform can only be accessed if you are a registered user. We also use your information to verify your identity. Please think carefully about the username you choose when you create your user account, because it will be visible to the public when you post a question or answer on our Platform. 
When you pay for a service on our Platform, We use your payment-related information when you pay for a service or a subscription on our Platform. 
When we communicate information related to your use of our Platform, We use your contact information (e.g., email) to contact you with important information related to the use or operation of our Platform or regarding your user account or User Content (including regarding its security). We also notify you about, among other things, new questions or answers being added to topics of interest to you or about your achievements, if you have given us permission to do so under account Settings -> Notifications. 
When we comply with our legal obligations -We use your information to comply with tax or other legal obligations on our part (e.g., when you make a purchase on our Platform, win a prize in a contest, confirm the registration of your child's account, or in the establishment, pursuit, or defense of claims), we may be required to process your personal data for the purposes of complying with any such obligations. 
When responding to any contact, complaint, or request to exercise your rights, We use your information to respond to contacts you initiate (e.g., via contact forms, email, or chat bots), to respond to a complaint or a request to exercise your rights, we use your personal data for the purpose of processing the complaint or request and, if applicable, for its resolution. 
When combating inappropriate behavior and promoting safety, We examine information about the operation and use of our Platform to verify users and accounts, enhance security and combat inappropriate behavior, spam, or fraud. In doing so, we ensure our Platform is used in accordance with our Terms and Conditions and remains free of harmful and inappropriate content. 
When we share marketing content, We use your information (e.g., information collected from cookies) to show you marketing content that can offer services and products provided by us and our business partners. 
When we improve our Platform through user analytics and user satisfaction surveys, Based on analytics data about how you use our Platform (e.g. when you use and when you last used our Platform; which questions, answers and other content you view or respond to), we are able to compile statistics related to your use of our Platform, assess your satisfaction with the services offered, determine the quality of our services, and develop and improve our Platform. We also conduct research and surveys, issue questionnaires, test new products and features, and troubleshoot related issues. 
When providing customizations to you, Based on your user account details (e.g., your age, interests, and program of study) and your activity and use of our Platform, we try to tailor our Platform to your individual needs and preferences. We adjust our communication style to you and provide you with information about our Platform's features that may be of most interest to you. 
When we share aggregate/de-identified/anonymous data, We may aggregate, de-identify or anonymize any information collected through our Platform and our services so that such information is no longer linked to your personal data (such as your name or email address). We may use aggregated and anonymized information for any purpose, including for research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such information with third parties, at our discretion. 
To whom does Brainly disclose your data?
We may share your personal data with the following parties: summary: The content that you post, and your username are public, so anyone visiting our platform can see it (choose your username carefully ;)). We may also disclose your data to other companies that provide services to us, such as advertisers, payment intermediaries, and more, as listed below.
Persons visiting our Platform, Most User Content on our Platform is public, including your profile information and your User Content. This means that any person visiting our Platform may have access to the User Content you provide to our Platform. 
Subcontractors, We engage subcontractors to help process personal data. These may include hosting service providers, IT specialists and technicians managing our technical infrastructure, service providers that ensure the functionalities of our Platform, claims adjusters (including insurers), advertising and marketing companies, accounting and bookkeeping offices, and legal advisors. All subcontractors process personal data under contracts with Brainly and only in accordance with our instructions and their legal obligation. 
Advertisers, advertising agencies, and intermediaries, Based on the information contained in cookies or other online identifiers (if they contain personal data), advertisers, advertising agencies and intermediaries globally participate in the process of selecting the content of targeted advertisements that are displayed to you on our website and on other platforms. 
Payment intermediaries, If you purchase a subscription on our Platform, your personal data will be directly collected by our payment processor in order to process the transaction. 
Companies in our corporate group, We may disclose personal data to our subsidiaries or parent companies included in the Brainly group to assist, enhance, and fulfill services on our behalf. We may also disclose your information if we undergo organizational restructuring (e.g., establish a subsidiary or merge with another entity), or an acquisition by another entity, or if our assets are sold or transferred to a third party. In such transactions (including in contemplation of such transactions, e.g., due diligence) your information may be disclosed. 
Legal compliance and protection of Brainly and others, We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or on a good faith belief that such disclosure is permitted by this Privacy Policy or reasonably necessary or appropriate for any of the following reasons: to comply with valid legal, regulatory or court requests or orders; to enforce this Privacy Policy or other contracts with you, including investigations of potential violations thereof; to respond to claims that any content on our Platform violates the rights of a third party; to respond to your requests for customer service; and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Brainly, our agents and associates, and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention, spam/malware prevention, and other similar purposes. 
Other Lawful Disclosures, Upon notice and consent provided by you, if applicable and where permitted by law, we may engage in other disclosure of your information that is not legally prohibited. 
Where is your data processed?
Summary: To run our Platform we must use computers all over the world. This means your personal data might be transferred anywhere we (or our partners) operate, such as North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America. 
Your personal data may be transferred to our partners or affiliates which are based in a different country than yours. Whenever your personal data is transferred, we implement legally required safeguards for your personal data such as requiring data recipients to sign and abide by the applicable Standard Contractual Clauses approved and issued in each by relevant authority in each jurisdiction, such as the European Commission. 
For how long and on what basis does Brainly store your personal data? 
We retain your personal data for different periods of time depending on the purpose for which it is processed summary: We need to keep your personal data for as long as you have your account (sounds obvious, right?). When your account is deleted, we may also need to keep certain personal data to comply with tax obligations, statistics to help product development, or legal obligations and where you have authorized us to do so otherwise, but, to the extent permissible and possible, this data will no longer identify you.
Retention, We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes for which it was collected. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. For example, we will maintain your account data for as long as you have an account with us. 
In order to perform the contract with you, Much of our processing of personal data is to perform the contract we made with you when you subscribe to our services. For example, we handle personal data on this basis to process and provide your subscription. 
On the basis of a legitimate interest (ours or that of a third party), In many cases, we handle personal data on the basis of legitimate interests, such as to fulfill customer service requests, market our services to you, protect our users, personnel and property, and analyze and improve the Platform. 
As requiredby law, We use and disclose personal data in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations. 
Based on your consent, In some other cases, we handle personal data based on consent. 
Cookies and "Do Not Track"
Summary: We and our partners place cookies (not the delicious kind) or other tracking technologies on your device to make our products better and show you personalized ads and other contents on our website and app. To change your preferences, please go here ("Cookie Preferences" at the footer of our main page). 
When you use our Platform, even if you're not a registered user, we and our third-party partners may use cookies, pixels, beacons, tags, clear GIFs, or similar technologies (collectively, "cookies") to collect information such as your IP address, device IDs, cookie IDs, the type of device you are using, screen resolution, operating system, geographical data, which pages of the site you have viewed, referring and exiting URLs, date and timestamp, what content and advertisements you have interacted with, and information about how you interact with the Platform. 
The types of cookies we use are ●Necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for our site to properly function and remain secure, such as those that enable authentication, ensure security, set and remember your privacy preferences, etc. You may not opt out of our use of necessary cookies.
●Functional cookies. These cookies remember the settings and interface customization you selected, e.g., the language or region, font size, the appearance of the website, etc. 
●Performance cookies. These cookies make it possible to gather information about the way the pages of our Platform are used and allow us to analyze such usage, such as analytics cookies. 
●Advertising cookies. These cookies allow advertising content, including content that is more tailored to your interests. Please see "Online Advertising and Analytics" below for more information. 
●Social media cookies. These cookies allow you to link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site. 
You may control the setting for cookies at any time by changing the settings on your browser, phone and device. Some web browsers offer a "Do Not Track" privacy preference setting in the web browser. We do not currently recognize or respond to browser initiated "Do Not Track" signals. 
To change your preferences, please go here ("Cookie Preferences" at the footer of our main page). 
Online Advertising and Analytics
Summary: We partner with other companies that may use tracking technologies described above to show you advertisements about things that you might like. We share certain types of personal data with these partners, such as browser type and email address. To change your preferences, please go here ("Cookie Preferences" at the footer of our main page). 
Generally, We partner with other companies that use cookies to tailor and serve third-party advertisements when you visit and use our Platform. These partners may collect clickstream information, browser type, time and date, and subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to our Platform, data listed on Section 2 above, as well as any information you voluntarily provide to them in response to an ad or sponsored content link (e.g., email address), to provide advertisements likely to be of interest to you. We provide links to each of our partners' privacy policies in our "Cookie Preferences" tool linked at the footer of our main page. 
Online Analytics, We may use third-party web analytics services on our Platform, such as Google Analytics. These service providers use technology to help us analyze how users use the Platform, including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive. The information (including your IP address) collected will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers. We also use analytics for certain purposes related to advertising, as described below. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here or by changing your preferences, please go here ("Cookie Preferences" at the footer of our main page). 
Targeted Advertising, We may personalize the content and advertising that you see when using the Platform using third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Platform, as well as other websites you visit and other applications you use. The ads may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are visiting, information you provide such as your age and gender, your searches, demographic data, and other information we collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and may be tailored to your interests. We also may disclose a hashed version of your email address with third-party advertising partners for purposes of delivering tailored advertising. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out link or the Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Opt-Out link to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. Please note that you may still receive advertisements even if you opt out of tailored advertising. In that case, the ads will just not be tailored. 
Mobile, We may also offer location-based advertising. To serve location-based advertising we may: locate your hardware; record, compile and display your location; publish your location to third parties designated by you, collect and store device id. We also partner with other companies, and we provide data to these partners to enable them to provide location-based advertising. 
Use of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning
Summary: It's important to note that we do not use your personal data for training models. 
We may use machine learning models along with your input to generate or modify content for you, classify, moderate, and enhance content, and more. It's important to note that we do not use your personal data for training models. 
What are your rights?
Summary: You have many rights regarding your personal data, for example: request a copy of your personal data, request your personal data to be deleted, among other things listed below. To send us a request, go here. 
In accordance with all applicable law, we enable you to exercise some or all the following rights regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your personal data: ●Access the personal data we maintain about you.
●Update or correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal data about you. 
●Request that we delete your personal data. 
●Object to or restrict the processing of your personal data. 
●Receive the personal data you have previously provided, in a machine-readable format, allowing you to transfer that personal data to another company at your discretion. 
●Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you; and 
●File a complaint directly with the relevant Supervisory Authority about how we process your personal data. 
Exercising Your Rights, If you would like to request access to your personal data, and request erasure/deletion of personal data previously provided, please click here. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. We also may require verifying your identity, by verifying your email. 
Opt-Out of "Sales" of Personal Data and Processing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising Purposes- Depending on your jurisdiction, you may also have the right to opt out of "sales" of your information and "sharing/processing of your information for targeted advertising." If you would like to opt out of "sales" or "sharing" of personal data please go here ("Cookie Preferences" at the footer of our main page). Note that you will need to opt out on each device you use to access the Services. 
Denial of Requests, We may deny a request as permitted by applicable law. We will timely notify you regarding any decision and reasons for denial. You may have the right to appeal a denial of your request. Where applicable, we will provide you with information about the appeal process in our communications with you about the request. 
Requests by Agents, You can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf. We reserve the right to take steps to verify that the agent is authorized to make that request. 
Note to parents
Summary: We don't allow children (according to the laws in your country) to create an account on our Platform without parent authorization. 
Brainly does not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 13 in the United States, or the age of 16 in the United Kingdom or Europe, or the age of 18 in India and Brazil, unless and until Brainly has obtained appropriate parental consent for your child to use our Platform. Please contact us at privacy@brainly.com if you believe we have inadvertently collected personal data of a child without proper consent, as required in your jurisdiction, so that we may delete such personal data as appropriate. 
Managing your personal data
Summary: You have control over the personal data you share with us. You can update your profile information and allow (or not) access to photos, camera, location. You can also unsubscribe from certain emails we send you. 
Profile, you can update your profile information, such as your email address and password on the account Preferences page. 
Access to device information, you can control the mobile app's access to your device information by using your device's "Settings". For example, you can revoke the app's permission to access your location, photos, and camera. 
Communication preferences, you may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the unsubscribe link provided in such emails. You cannot opt out of Platform-related communications (e.g., account verification, payment communications, changes/updates to our Platform, technical and security notifications). 
Updating this policy
Summary: When we update this policy, changes will become effective 30 days after the new version is posted. If you keep using our Platform, we will assume you agree with the changes. 
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post the changes or information about them on our Platform, and we will notify you of major modifications by email or through our Platform. The date at the top of this Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, you will be provided notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective and will be applicable to you 30 days after the revised Privacy Policy is posted. By continuing to use our Platform, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy. 
Contact us
If you have any requests, questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@brainly.com or by mail to our correspondence address (ul. Zabłocie 43A, floor 5, 30-701 Kraków). 
Country-Specific information
India, When you provide your mobile phone number, you agree to receive communications, even if this mobile number is registered under the DND/NCPR list under Telecom Regulatory Authority of India regulations. You may receive calls, emails, messages (SMS), notifications, and information from us and from third-party service providers for promotions, discounts and other messages related to the Platform. When you provide your mobile phone number, you authorize us to share/disclose it to any third-party service provider, affiliates, and group companies, as well as their authorized agents or third-party service providers. 
Terms of Use. 
Contact us
How do I receive points?
About us. 
This website is using cookies under cookie policy. You can specify conditions of storing and accessing cookies in your browser. 