Home
Chalo App
Track Your Bus Live
Mobile Bus Pass
Mobile Ticket
Chalo Card
Super Saver
Chalo Cities
Jobs
Try Chalo
Download App
Terms of Service 
For Mobile Apps and Website 
Jump to 
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Acceptance of the Terms of Service 
This is the terms of service agreement ("Terms") between you and Chalo Mobility Private Limited ("Chalo", "we", "us", "our"), a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013, with its registered office at F-610 and F-611, Tower 2, Seawoods Grand Central Mall, Navi Mumbai 400706, India. Chalo operates the website website_url_lnk ("Site"), the Chalo mobile application ("Chalo App"), the Chalo Bus Partner mobile application ("Chalo Bus Partner App"), the prepaid Chalo travel card ("Chalo Card"), the website website_url_lnk ("Shuttl Site"), the Shuttl mobile application ("Shuttl App"), the Shuttl Driver mobile application ("Shuttl Driver App"), and also offers other products and services. For purposes of these Terms, the Site, the Chalo App, the Chalo Bus Partner App, the Chalo Card, the Shuttl Site, the Shuttl App, the Shuttl Driver App and all other Chalo products and services, together with any and all future online and offline services provided by Chalo, shall be referred to as the "App". The Terms include the Privacy Policy of the App, as available below. 
By using the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to any part of these Terms, do not use the App. 
You understand and agree that we may change these Terms at any time without prior notice. The revised Terms will become effective upon posting on the App. Any use of the App after such date shall constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms. If any change to these Terms is not acceptable to you, your sole remedy is to cease using the App. 
By using transportation recommended through the App, you are also subject to the terms of the transport provider. 
Information Accuracy
The information on the App may not always be accurate. We use several third parties to provide information on which the transport information and recommendations in the App are based. We try to make sure that the information is correct and up to date, but we cannot guarantee that it always will be. Times mentioned are only estimates, as actual timings are dependent on many factors beyond our control. Accordingly, we and our information providers do not accept any liability for any error or omission in the information available or the recommendations made through the App and exclude all liability for any action you may take, or loss or injury you may suffer (direct or indirect, including loss of income, profit, opportunity, or time) as a result of relying on any information available through the App. 
When travelling using the App, you need to exercise common sense and discretion about your safety. 
Purchases using the App or Accessing a Function on the App
The App enables you to make purchases such as tickets, passes, travel plans, and other payments to third-party transport providers, or allows access to certain information and functions to transport providers, operators and their representatives. Chalo itself is not a transport provider or operator. 
To make a purchase or access a function using the App, you may need to provide Personal Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy), such as your name, age, gender, mobile number, photograph, and other details, including details regarding your mode of payment. By providing such details, you shall be creating a "Chalo Account" ("Account"). We will deal with such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. 
Purchases and payments made using the App are non-refundable, unless otherwise specified. If you cancel your purchase, we may charge you a cancellation fee. 
Certain types of purchases are intended for individual use only and issued specifically to you, the purchaser. You agree that you shall not share such purchases with others, or enable them to travel on your behalf through any means whatsoever, and will be solely liable to Chalo and / or others for any losses arising out of such fraudulent activity. 
Account Security
Your Account is personal to you, and you may not share your Account information with, or allow access to your Account by any third party. Because you will be responsible for all activity that happens under your access credentials, you agree to use reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorised access to or use of your Account, and to protect the confidentiality of your log-in information and of any device that you use to access the App. You agree to let us know immediately if there is a breach in secrecy of your log-in information by notifying us at contact@chalo.com. You will be solely responsible for any losses incurred by us and others due to any unauthorised use of your account. 
Promotions
We may, at our sole discretion, run promotions and create promotional or referral codes that can be redeemed for purchases, payments, or other rewards, subject to additional terms. 
By participating in such promotions, you agree that such promotions: must be used for the intended audience and purpose, and in a lawful manner; may not be copied, sold or transferred in any way or made available to the general public (by posting to a public form or otherwise); may be disabled by us at any time for any reason without liability to us; may only be used in accordance with the terms that we establish for such promotions; are not exchangeable for cash except where specified; and may expire prior to being used. If we believe that the use or redemption under a promotion was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable promotion terms or these Terms, we reserve the right to withhold or deduct payments or other benefits obtained through those promotions. 
Intellectual Property
The App contains material, including but not limited to software, text, graphics and images (collectively referred to as "Chalo Content"). We may own Chalo Content or portions of it may be made available to us through agreements that we have with third parties. 
Unauthorised use of Chalo Content may result in violation of copyright, trademark, and other laws. You have no rights in or to Chalo Content, and you will not use, copy or display Chalo Content except as permitted under these Terms. No other use is permitted without our prior written consent. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Chalo Content on any copy you make of Chalo Content. You may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify Chalo Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute, or otherwise use Chalo Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use or posting of any of Chalo Content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited. If you violate any part of these Terms, your right to access and / or use of Chalo Content and App shall stand automatically terminated and you shall immediately destroy any copies you have made of Chalo Content. 
The trademarks, service marks, and logos of Chalo ("Chalo Trademarks") used and displayed in the App are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of Chalo. Other company, product, and service names located in the App may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties ("Third-Party Trademarks", and, collectively with Chalo Trademarks, "Trademarks"). Nothing in the App or in these Terms should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed in the App without the prior written consent of Chalo specific for each such use. The Trademarks may not be used to disparage Chalo or the applicable third party, Chalo's or third-party's products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks. Use of any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any website is prohibited without Chalo's prior written consent. All goodwill generated from the use of any Chalo Trademark shall inure to Chalo's benefit. 
You agree not to: take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on the App's infrastructure, use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the App or any activity being conducted in the App, attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or making up the App, delete or alter any material posted on the App by Chalo or any other person or entity, or frame or link to any of the materials or information available on the App other than as provided under these Terms. 
User-generated Content
Chalo does not claim ownership of any text, images, photos, video, sounds or any other materials submitted by you to Chalo. By submitting such materials, you hereby grant, collectively, to Chalo a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide and irrevocable license to use, modify, delete from, add to, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce and translate such submissions, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the App (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. Chalo can continue to use your submissions in these ways if you cease to use the App. You further agree that Chalo has the right to delete or otherwise edit any submissions that you provide at its sole discretion. 
Disclaimer
Chalo, its affiliates and our respective officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, or licensors (collectively, "Chalo Parties") make no warranties or representations about Chalo Content, any other content of the App or the underlying software, including but not limited to its accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness. Chalo Parties shall not be subject to liability for the truth, accuracy or completeness of the content or any other information conveyed to the user, or for errors, mistakes or omissions therein or for any delays or interruptions of the data or information stream from whatever cause. The App is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. You agree that you use the App at your own risk. 
Whilst Chalo will monitor the App and aim to fix bugs that it spots or that are made known to us, Chalo Parties do not warrant that the App or underlying software will operate error free or that the App, its server, or the content are free of computer viruses or bugs or similar contamination or destructive features. 
Limitation on Liability
In no event shall any Chalo Party be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the App, the information contained in the App, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal theory, even if a Chalo Party has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
Some states and countries do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. In such states or countries, the liability of Chalo Parties resulting from the use or inability to use the App or the information contained in the App shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. 
We are not liable to you for any damage or loss arising out of or in relation to a purchase, payment or access to functions through the App. Unless expressly agreed to in writing with you by Chalo, if you encounter any problems with a purchase or payment through the App, you must resolve these issues with the transport provider or operator and not with Chalo. Unless expressly agreed to in writing with you by Chalo, you acknowledge and agree that your sole remedy in such circumstances ultimately lies with the relevant transport provider or operator and not with Chalo. Chalo is also not liable to you for the actions or omissions of any transport provider or operator. 
We will not be liable to you for failure to carry out our obligations under these Terms, where such failure is due to an event that is outside our control, which includes but is not limited to unforeseen traffic delays, fire, flood, storm, riot, strike, civil disturbance, war, nuclear accident, pandemic, or terrorist activity. 
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Chalo Parties from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of these Terms or your access to, use or misuse of the App. Chalo shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding. Chalo reserves the right to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests to assist Chalo's defence of such matter. 
Modifications to these Terms
Chalo reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, restrict, suspend, or terminate these Terms and your access to all or any part of the App at any time and for any reason without prior notice or liability. Chalo reserves the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the App at any time without prior notice or liability. 
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by the laws of India. Any dispute arising from, or related to, these Terms shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India. 
Miscellaneous
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. Failure of Chalo to act on or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in these Terms. No waiver shall be effective against Chalo unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. Except as expressly agreed by Chalo and you, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Chalo with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter. The section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import. These Terms will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees. 
Grievance Officer
If you have any queries regarding our Terms or the information practices of the App, please feel free to contact us. The name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below mr. Dhruv Chopra
Chalo Mobility Private Limited 
F610 and F-611 Tower 2, Seawoods Grand Central 
Navi Mumbai 400706 
Maharashtra INDIA 
Email: contact@chalo.com 
Timings: Mon, Fri (10:00, 18:00) 
Privacy Policy 
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Terms of Service (the "Terms") accessible above. All terms not defined under "Definitions" below or otherwise herein will have the meanings set forth in the Terms. 
This Privacy Policy is published in accordance, inter alia, with the provisions of the Indian Information Technology Act, 2000, and the rules made thereunder. We request you to go through this Privacy Policy and the Terms before you decide to access the App. 
Scope
This Privacy Policy explains our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, receive, possess, Process, store, how we intend to use or deal with, disclose or share such information, in the course of our business, including but not limited to in relation to the App. All individuals whose responsibilities include the Processing of Personal Information on behalf of Chalo are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Privacy Policy. 
Transparency/Notice-Types of Information We Collect and How We Use It
During your use of the App, we may collect certain Personal Information from you. The types of Personal Information we may collect directly from you or from third-party sources (including third-party partners and their representatives) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with Chalo and the requirements of applicable law. 
Your Personal Information may be collected by Chalo when you contact us, interact with our third-party partners and their representatives, interact with the App, request services on the App, or request information from Chalo. Chalo collects Personal Information from visitors, guests, users, subscribers of the App, and recipients of Chalo's communications (collectively "Individuals"). As you navigate the App, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through cookies and similar technologies as described below. We endeavour to collect only that Personal Information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing. 
Types of Information We Collect
1. General
We and our third-party partners and their representatives may collect Personal Information from you such as name, phone number and e-mail address. The Personal Information we collect may contain some sensitive information or data as well such as your gender details, passwords, medical history, financial data (including PAN and Aadhar details), biometric information, etc. You will have the ability to access and correct the Personal Information provided by you at any time. 
2. Social Media Pages
We also have pages on social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, etc. ("Social Media Pages"). When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we may collect Personal Information that you elect to provide to us through your settings on the Social Media Pages, such as your contact details. In addition, the companies that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics regarding the use of our Social Media Pages. 
3. Posting on the App
We may offer public access to the App or to portions of it. You should be aware that, when you disclose information about yourself on the App, the App will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any Personal Information. If you choose to submit content to any public area of the App, such content will be considered "public" and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein. 
4. Automatic Data Collection
We may collect certain information automatically through our App or other methods of web analysis, such as your Internet protocol address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising identifiers, MAC address, IMEI, Advertiser ID or other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the internet, browser type and language, geo-location information, hardware type, operating system, internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the App, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view within the App, and other actions taken through use of the App such as preferences. 
How Chalo Uses Your Information
We and our third-party partners and their representatives collect, receive, possess, store, Process or otherwise deal with information including Personal Information about Individuals for a variety of business purposes, including
1. To Provide the App or information Requested.
Chalo may use your information to fulfil requests in relation to the App or other related information, including information about potential or future offerings through the App, including to generally manage an Individual's information.
Chalo may use your information to fulfil requests in relation to the App or other related information, including information about potential or future offerings through the App, including to respond to questions, comments, and other requests; and
Chalo may use your information to fulfil requests in relation to the App or other related information, including information about potential or future offerings through the App, including to provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of the App.
2. Administrative Purposes
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to measure interest in the App.
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to develop new services and offerings; 
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to ensure internal quality control.
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to verify Individual identity.
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to communicate about activities on the App and systems, and, in Chalo's discretion, changes to any Chalo policy.
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to send e-mail to the e-mail address you provide to us for informational and operational purposes.
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to process applications and transactions.
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and
Chalo may use your information for its administrative purposes, including to enforce our Terms.
3. Marketing the App
Chalo may use your information to provide you with materials about opportunities and about the App that may be of interest, including new content or services. Such uses include to tailor content and offerings.
Chalo may use your information to provide you with materials about opportunities and about the App that may be of interest, including new content or services. Such uses include to notify you about offerings, services, and events that may be of interest to you, including those of our business partners or affiliates.
Chalo may use your information to provide you with materials about opportunities and about the App that may be of interest, including new content or services. Such uses include to provide the App to you.
Chalo may use your information to provide you with materials about opportunities and about the App that may be of interest, including new content or services. Such uses include for other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide information including Personal Information; and
Chalo may use your information to provide you with materials about opportunities and about the App that may be of interest, including new content or services. Such uses include otherwise, with your consent.
You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 4 below. 
4. Research and Development
Chalo may use your information to create non-identifiable information that we may use alone, or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us to optimally deliver our existing App or develop new offerings. We may share anonymous individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes. 
5. App via Mobile Devices
From time to time, Chalo may provide the App in a manner specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile devices. Chalo may collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use the App, like a device identifier, user settings, location information, mobile carrier, and the operating system of your device. 
6. Anonymous and Aggregated Information Use
Chalo may use your information to create anonymised and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the App, or other analyses we create. Anonymised and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors' interest in and use of various portions or features of the App. Anonymised or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Chalo may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Chalo and with third parties for our or their purposes in an anonymised or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you. 
7. Other Uses
In addition to the above, Chalo may use your information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent. 
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information
1. General
We, as well as third parties that provide content or other functionality on our App, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies ("Technologies") to automatically collect information through the App. We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a "device") that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our App, messaging, and tools, and to recognise you across devices. 
2. Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the App may not work properly. 
3. Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the App that collects information about users' engagement on that web page. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. 
4. Social Media Widgets
Our App may include social media features and widgets. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our App, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the entity providing it. 
5. Analytics
We may also use analytics tools to collect information regarding visitor behaviour and visitor demographics on some of the components of our App, and to develop Chalo Content. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. 
Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories: Operationally Necessary
We may use Technologies that are necessary to the operation of and access to the App and tools, or to identify irregular App behaviour, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; or that allow you to make use of functions such as saved search or similar functions; 
Performance Related 
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our App and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our App, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve the App, Chalo Content or tools; 
Functionality Related 
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer enhanced functionality when accessing or using our App or tools. This may include keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of Chalo Content; 
Delivery Related 
We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver Chalo Content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our App or on third-party sites. 
If you would like to opt-out of the Technologies we employ on our App or tools, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits. See also the section on "Do Not Track" below. 
Third-Party Websites, Social Media Platforms, and Software Development Kits
The App may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our App. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Chalo does not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or social media platforms. We place the responsibility on third parties to ensure that Personal Information is disclosed to us in accordance with applicable laws and pursuant to the consent provided by you to such third party. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application they interact with. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. 
We may also collect information about you that is publicly available. This may include your publicly available social media information, or your contacts' publicly available social media information. The information we receive is dependent upon your and your contacts' privacy settings with the relevant social network. 
The App may include publicly accessible blogs and links and interactive features with various social media platforms (e.g., widgets). If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using our App. You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your Personal Information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes. 
Onward Transfer, Chalo May Disclose Your Information
Information We Share
1. General
We may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy (e.g., with our third-party service providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission. 
2. We Use Vendors and Service Providers
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers. The types of service providers to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for: provision of IT and related services; provision of information and services you have requested; our legitimate business purposes; and in connection with the provision of the App. 
In the event you wish to know the names and addresses of the third parties your Personal Information has been disclosed to, you may request us for such information by writing to contact@chalo.com. We will make efforts to provide you such details. 
3. Business Partners
We may share your information including Personal Information with our business partners, and affiliates for our and our affiliates' internal business purposes or to provide you with a service on the App that you have requested. We may also provide your information including Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer the App. In such cases, our business partner's name will appear, along with our name on the App. 
4. Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., as Required by Law and Similar Disclosures)
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order; respond to your requests; protect yours', ours' or others' rights, property, or safety; to enforce Chalo policies or contracts; when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. 
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes, e.g., to detect unauthorised activity on the App or in utilisation of the App. 
5. Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganisation, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of the App to another provider, then your information may be transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and contract. In such event, we will endeavour to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected. We will contractually ensure that the transferee complies with at least the same level of data protection measures as adhered to by us. 
Data Transfers
All Personal Information collected via or by us or our third-party partners and their representatives may be transferred to and stored on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates, third-party partners or the servers of our service providers in jurisdictions that ensure the same level of data protection that is required to be provided by us under applicable law, including but not limited to India, the United States and the European Union. By providing Personal Information to us, you consent to the transfer and storage of your Personal Information in jurisdictions outside of India. 
Opt-Out (Right To Restrict Processing)
General
You have the right to opt out of uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to Chalo's Processing of your Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out of further Processing by contacting contact@chalo.com in writing. In such a case, we have the right to not provide/ withdraw our App or any part thereof. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail to contact@chalo.com to request erasure of Personal Information held about you by Chalo. 
If you receive an unwanted e-mail from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the e-mail to opt-out of receiving future e-mails, or contact contact@chalo.com. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related e-mails regarding your relationship with us. 
Do Not Track
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honour DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. 
To be clear, whether you are using our opt-out or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt-out on each device. 
Data Retention
We retain the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our App or as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, resolve disputes, establish legal defences, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws, whichever is longer. 
To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Information, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we use your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. 
Security of Your Information
You use the App at your own risk. We take all reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You agree that such measures are secure and adequate. Unfortunately, no electronic medium / security measure can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant absolute assurance for the security of any information you provide to us. We will not be liable in any way in relation to any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information caused by us in relation to your information. 
By using the App or providing information to us, our third-party partners and their representatives, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the App or the reason for which you submitted information. If we learn of a security system's breach, we may notify you of such breach. 
Other Rights and Important Information
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you use the App after the updated Privacy Policy is posted on the App. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the Privacy Policy then in effect, you must immediately stop using the App. 
We may revise this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion. If you continue to visit this App and use the App made available to you after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes. 
If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Chalo may notify you by posting a notice on the App, by e-mail, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable). 
Definitions
The following capitalised terms shall have the meanings herein as set forth below. 
"Personal Information" is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, and includes, names, e-mails, device data, browsing history, etc., where that information alone or in combination with other information could be used to identify you. 
"Process" or "Processing" or "Processed" means any operation which is performed upon Personal Information, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction. 
"You" or "your", as used in this Privacy Policy, refers to the individual to whom Personal Information relates. 
Updated on 09 July 2022. 