Skip to main content
Find a Restaurant 
Please enter an address 
Use my location 
Find a Restaurant 
Please enter an address 
Use my location 
Legal
Chick-fil-A, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use 
Chick-fil-A, Inc. Terms and Conditions of Use 
Last Updated: August 4, 2023
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING, OR USING ANY CFA ONLINE SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW). 
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, AS DETAILED IN SECTION XX BELOW, YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, OUR PRIVACY POLICY, DATA SECURITY, OR DATA PRIVACY THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION OR SMALL CLAIMS DISPUTE PROCEDURES, UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BELOW, AND YOU AGREE TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION SUIT. 
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, YOU ALSO AGREE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY, LOCATED AT website_url_lnk WHICH IS INCORPORATED INTO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND MAY BE UPDATED FROM TIME TO TIME. 
Table of Contents 
Introduction 
II. Modifications to the Terms and Conditions of Use 
III. Use of CFA Online Services 
IV. User Conduct 
Submissions 
VI. Programs and Promotions; Digital Offers 
VII. Chick-fil-A App 
VIII. Online Ordering 
IX. Delivery Services 
Copyright Infringement Notification 
XI. Login and Registration 
XII. Third-Party Sites and Social Media Pages 
XIII. Privacy 
XIV. Ownership of Intellectual Property 
XV. Electronic Communications 
XVI. No Warranties 
XVII. Limitations of Liability 
XVIII. Indemnification 
XIX. International Users and Choice of Law 
XX. Dispute Resolution, Binding Arbitration, and Class Action Waiver 
XXI. No Agency Relationship 
XXII. Violations and Remedies 
XXIII. Entire Agreement, Claims Limitations, and Severability 
XXIV. Contact Information 
Introduction
These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms and Conditions of Use") apply to your access to, and use of, any Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") website, mobile application, and online service or program where these Terms and Conditions of Use are posted, linked or incorporated by reference ("CFA Online Services"). These Terms and Conditions of Use are a legal and binding agreement between you and Chick-fil-A, and, as applicable, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and related entities such as CFA Properties, Inc. and CFA Servco, Inc. ("Affiliates") (Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates are referred to herein, as the context may require, as "we", "us", or "our"). These Terms and Conditions of Use govern your use of the CFA Online Services, which includes the programs, offers, content, information, services, and features made available through the CFA Online Services. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use, then you should not use the CFA Online Services. 
Your use of the CFA Online Services is at your risk. If you are dissatisfied with the CFA Online Services in any way, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the CFA Online Services. 
II. Modifications to the Terms and Conditions of Use
We reserve the right at any time to update, change, modify, or revise these Terms and Conditions of Use. Any changes will become effective upon posting to the CFA Online Services, along with the date on which it was most recently updated as indicated by the "Last Updated" notice above. Your continued access to or use of the CFA Online Services and its programs and offers after any such changes indicates your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use as modified. It is your responsibility to review the Terms and Conditions of Use regularly for updates.
III. Use of CFA Online Services
The CFA Online Services and all content, information, and other materials featured, displayed, contained, and available on the CFA Online Services, including, but not limited to, all text, images, graphics, designs, illustrations, photographs, pictures, audio, software, and video clips, the "look and feel", pages, screens, content arrangement, and computer programs (collectively, "Materials") are owned by or licensed to Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws under United States and foreign laws. Subject to your compliance with these Terms and Conditions of Use, we grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display, and download the CFA Online Services for noncommercial purposes only. You may view, display, copy, download, and print the Materials solely for your own personal, noncommercial use. All copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials must be retained on all copies thereof. You may not, in any way, otherwise copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, create derivative works from, sell, or exploit, in whole or in part, the CFA Online Services or its Materials. Except as expressly provided herein, we do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secret information. 
You agree to abide by all additional terms, conditions, and restrictions included within the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features, and services.
The display of a menu item on the CFA Online Services does not mean that the menu item is available as all items are subject to availability and available while supplies last. We make a reasonable and good-faith effort to display and describe the menu items available through the CFA Online Services accurately and completely. However, the detail and accuracy of the images and specifications of menu items that you see will depend on a number of things. Consequently, we do not guarantee that the products, images, services or descriptions displayed or described to you are or will remain accurate or complete in every detail. Further, we may update the products, images, available features, services or specifications from time to time. 
Chick-fil-A may at any time, for any reason, and without notice or liability: modify, suspend, or terminate operation of or access to any of the CFA Online Services, or any portion thereof; change, revise, or modify the CFA Online Services, the Materials, or any portion thereof; interrupt the operation of the CFA Online Services, or any portion thereof, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or for any other purposes; impose limits on certain programs, features, and services, or restrict your access to the CFA Online Services, in whole or in part; and terminate the authorization, rights, and license given above, upon which you shall immediately destroy all Materials. 
IV. User Conduct
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the CFA Online Services or the Materials.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to use the CFA Online Services or any Materials, features, or services for any unlawful, fraudulent, or malicious purposes, or to further or solicit any such activity.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to any accounts, features, systems, or networks through hacking, password mining, or any other means.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to frame or mirror any portion or feature of the CFA Online Services.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to use the CFA Online Services or any feature in any way that could disrupt, damage, disable, overburden, or impair it or its systems, servers, or networks.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to use the CFA Online Services or any feature for advertisements, chain letters, spamming, junk mail, solicitations, or any other commercial purposes.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider", or other automatic device, program, algorithm, or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to: access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the CFA Online Services or the Materials; reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the CFA Online Services or the Materials; or obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the CFA Online Services.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the CFA Online Services or with any other person's use or enjoyment of the CFA Online Services.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to transmit any viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, cancel-bots, corrupted files, or other items of a destructive nature.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to circumvent or attempt to circumvent any security or authentication measures implemented by or on behalf of Chick-fil-A.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to post, transmit, submit, or include any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable content, material, or information of any kind, or any content, material, or information that may give rise to criminal or civil liability.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to harass, abuse, stalk, intimidate, threaten or engage in any conduct that harms, harasses, or offends any employees, contractors or agents of Chick fil A, its Affiliates, licensees, franchised Operators (as defined below), or partners engaged in the provision of services, including the delivery of any orders, and other users of the CFA Online Services.
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to submit, display, or post any false or misleading information; 
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to violate, infringe, or misappropriate the intellectual property, publicity, privacy, or other proprietary rights of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, or any other person or entity; and/or
You agree to use the CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the programs, features and services, including, without limitation, ordering and delivery services, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators (as defined below), and partners and other users of the CFA Online Services. You agree not to transfer or attempt to redeem any verification code for a mobile or online order or digital offer or reward in prohibition of the applicable terms. Attempts to redeem single use offers and verification codes multiple times or through multiple users constitutes fraud. 
We reserve the right to prohibit access, use, conduct, communications, or content that we, in our sole discretion, deem to be harmful to us, the CFA Online Services, the Materials, our franchisees, our users, our brand, our Affiliates, or any other person or entity, or that violates these Terms and Conditions of Use, the Chick-fil-A One Terms and Conditions, and applicable law. Chick-fil-A further reserves the right to terminate, suspend, or cancel your account, or otherwise refuse delivery of any orders, including those placed through the Chick-fil-A App or a Chick-fil-A One account, if Chick-fil-A believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms and Conditions of Use, the Chick-fil-A One Terms and Conditions, or applicable law, or that you have acted in a manner harmful to our interests or our franchisees, or that you may be likely to do so based upon prior communications, conduct, interactions, or similar factors. 
Chick-fil-A shall be the sole arbiter in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or violations of these Terms and Conditions of Use or the Chick-fil-A One Terms and Conditions, and any decision it makes relating to termination or disabling of CFA Online Services, Chick fil A One accounts or refusal to deliver any orders, including those placed through the Chick-fil-A App or a Chick-fil-A One account, shall be final and binding. 
Submissions
Except for any personally identifiable information we may collect from you under the guidelines established in our Privacy Policy, any materials, remarks, suggestions, ideas, photos, stories and other information you communicate or submit to us through CFA Online Services via phone or otherwise ("Submissions") will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing a Submission to us, you expressly grant us an unrestricted, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable (i.e., fully assignable and sub-licensable), worldwide, royalty-free license to disclose, copy, reproduce, display, publicly perform, transmit, distribute, translate, reformat, incorporate, and otherwise use your Submission along with your name, photograph, voice, likeness and other information, content, or materials embodied therein, in whole or in part, and create derivative works therefrom, in any media now known or hereafter developed, and for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes without compensation to you or anyone else. You also permit any user to access, display, view, store, and reproduce, for personal use only, your Submission as posted by us. 
We may, but shall not be obligated to, in our sole discretion, post any Submission on the CFA Online Services and identify you as the submitting party. We may, without notice to you, refuse or edit Submissions for any reason or no reason, including those Submissions that violate these Terms and Conditions of Use, are irrelevant or inappropriate, or represent us in a negative way or in any manner not consistent with our brand and reputation, as determined by us in our sole discretion. 
You agree that any statements that you make about us or any of our products, services, or programs in any Submission that you make accurately reflect your personal beliefs and experiences with us and our products and services, and that any opinions submitted are true to the best of your knowledge. 
You are fully responsible for your Submissions. You agree that your Submissions comply in all respects with these Terms and Conditions of Use and shall not be made on behalf of any person or entity without their prior written consent. You may not include any content (e.g., text, photos, images, quotes, logos, etc.) that is the property of another (e.g., protected by copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights), unless you have express, written permission to do so. 
VI. Programs and Promotions; Digital Offers 
Any programs, offers, sweepstakes, contests, raffles, surveys or other similar promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the CFA Online Services may also be governed by rules and terms that are additional to these Terms and Conditions of Use. By participating in any such Promotion, you will become subject to any such additional Promotions terms. Chick-fil-A urges you to read the applicable Promotions terms, which are either included herein or linked from the particular Promotion, and to review our Privacy Policy which, in addition to these Terms and Conditions of Use, governs any information you submit in connection with any such Promotions. 
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: redemption period for each offer begins and ends as indicated.
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: offers are single use only, unless otherwise stated. Once a digital offer code has been redeemed, it will no longer be available. 
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: offers may only be redeemed at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants. Offers may not be accepted at some Chick-fil-A restaurants, including Chick-fil-A Express and Chick-fil-A licensed locations such as airports, college campuses, office complexes and hospitals.
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: serving times apply and some food and beverage items may not be available at all times or locations. For example, offers for breakfast items may only be redeemed prior to 10 AM or 10:30 AM local time, depending on how late the applicable participating restaurant serves breakfast.
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: offers are not transferable.
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: offers are void where restricted, prohibited or taxed, or if reproduced, altered, purchased, distributed, auctioned, or sold. 
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: offers are not eligible for cash refunds and have no cash value. Use with other offers may be restricted.
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: to transfer a digital offer to a Chick-fil-A One account, you must open the Chick-fil-A App and scan the offer QR code. Once transferred, you must redeem by scanning the offer in the Chick-fil-A App or otherwise applying the offer to a qualifying order.
You may receive digital offers through the CFA Online Services from time to time. The following general terms apply to these offers: monthly transfer limits apply. You will receive an error message in the Chick-fil-A App once the monthly transfer limit is reached. 
VII. Chick-fil-A App 
In order to use CFA Online Services made available through the Chick-fil-A App ("the App") you must have a compatible mobile device; Chick-fil-A does not warrant that the App will be compatible with your mobile device. If you access the App using an Apple iOS or Android powered device, Apple Inc. ("Apple") or Google, Inc. ("Google"), and their subsidiaries, respectively, shall be a third-party beneficiary to this contract and you agree that these third-party beneficiaries have the right to enforce these Terms and Conditions of Use against you. However, these third-party beneficiaries are not a party to these Terms and Conditions of Use and are not responsible for the provision or support of the App. You agree that your access to the App also shall be subject to the usage terms set forth in the applicable third-party beneficiary's terms of service. 
The App may automatically download and install updates from time to time or require the downloading and installation of updates or new versions for continued use. You acknowledge that in some instances, updates and new versions may reduce or remove features and functionality in prior versions of the App. 
You acknowledge that Apple and Google are not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: product liability claims; any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation. You further acknowledge that, in no event, shall Apple or Google be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the App infringes that third party's intellectual property rights. 
In order to take advantage of certain services made available through the App, including mobile payment, mobile ordering, and Promotions (including but not limited to digital offers), you must have a valid Chick-fil-A One account. The Chick-fil-A One Membership Program is operated by Chick-fil-A and subject to the Chick-fil-A One Terms and Conditions available at website_url_lnk (incorporated here by this reference). 
The App allows you to load funds onto a Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card for use at participating Chick-fil-A locations. To load funds to your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card, sign into your Chick-fil-A One account on the App, then open your card and enter a dollar amount and payment method (credit card, Apply Pay, etc.). The dollar value that you load onto your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card in the App is a prepayment redeemable solely for the goods and services of participating restaurants. We offer the Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card to make it more convenient for you to eat with us. We have no liability for any temporary inability to access funds loaded to a Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card for any reason, including but not limited to connectivity failures, problems with your mobile phone or other device, temporary issues with our service providers, or any other reason. Unless otherwise required by law or permitted by these Terms and Conditions of Use, the dollar value on your Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card is nonrefundable. It may not be redeemed for cash nor via a credit back to a credit card, including the credit card from which such funds were originally loaded, including upon termination of your Chick-fil-A One account. However, upon request, unused balances on a Chick-fil-A One Digital Gift Card accessible via the App may be transferred to a physical Chick-fil-A gift card that you may use to make future purchases of Chick-fil-A goods and services or provide to a donee of your choice. 
VIII. Online Ordering 
Chick-fil-A may provide you the ability to order online from participating franchised Operators of Chick-fil-A restaurant businesses ("Operators"). These Terms and Conditions of Use apply only to orders placed through CFA Online Services (including catering orders). Ordering may not be available through the CFA Online Services for all restaurant locations, and some restaurants do not sell all menu items. Images of menu items on the CFA Online Services may not be identical to what is available or that you may receive from an individual Chick-fil-A restaurant. Please refer to the FAQs on the Chick fil A website and information in the App for more details. 
You are responsible for payment of your order by means of a payment option made available through the CFA Online Services at the time of ordering. Before you submit an order, you must provide a valid form of accepted payment to use with your order. Chick fil A will charge, and you authorize Chick-fil-A to charge, the payment method you specify either at the time you check-in at the Chick-fil-A restaurant (which in some circumstances, may occur automatically when you arrive at the restaurant) or at the time you place your order (for online catering orders). Chick fil A reserves the right to seek pre-authorization of your payment card account prior to final purchase to verify the payment card is valid. The Operator of the Chick-fil-A restaurant business identified when you place your order is responsible for preparing and fulfilling your order and for any questions or other communications regarding your order. Chick fil A does not prepare the items you are purchasing from the Chick-fil-A Operator and the Operator remains responsible for all items that you purchase. 
You understand that: the prices for menu items displayed through the CFA Online Services may differ from the prices offered or published by Operators for the same menu items at a physical Chick-fil-A restaurant location, and Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change the prices displayed through the CFA Online Services and applicable fees or surcharges at any time. Prices for menu items do not include applicable taxes, delivery and service fees, small order fees, or related fees and surcharges. Charges paid for completed orders are final and non-refundable. Chick-fil-A has no obligation to provide refunds or credits, but may grant them, in our sole discretion. 
Minimum order amounts may apply for orders placed through CFA Online Services. Any applicable taxes, delivery and service fees, small order fees, or other related fees and surcharges due in connection with your order will be identified when you place your order. Initial order summary may reflect estimated tax amounts. There may be limits on the dollar values and number of orders that may be placed through the CFA Online Services. Discounts, coupons and other offers may not be able to be combined with orders placed through CFA Online Services. You may be able to, and in some circumstances you may be required to, use your Chick-fil-A One account in connection with certain ordering through CFA Online Services, in which case the Chick fil A One Terms and Conditions will also apply. 
IX. Delivery Services 
Chick-fil-A Delivery. Chick-fil-A Delivery is available for qualifying orders placed at participating Chick-fil-A restaurant locations. Menu items available for delivery may vary by restaurant. Orders must be placed within delivery times and for delivery within the specified radius of the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant. Not all Chick-fil-A restaurant locations offer Chick-fil-A Delivery services and, if delivery is available, it may be available in a limited geographic area. Delivery hours may be limited and may vary. Delivery orders may require a minimum order of a certain amount (before applicable taxes and fees (including delivery and service fees)) or apply a small order fee, which may vary by restaurant location. The delivery fee does not include a voluntary tip or gratuity provided to the delivery team member. Chick fil A Delivery orders must be placed using applicable CFA Online Services. You can receive points and redeem rewards on eligible Chick-fil-ATM Delivery orders through the Chick-fil-A One Membership Program. The following are not considered qualifying purchases for delivery orders and will not accrue points: amounts paid in delivery fees, small order fees, surcharges, gratuity, sales, use or other transactional taxes. 
You will be able to see pricing and applicable delivery/service fees before placing your delivery order. Menu prices for delivery are higher than at restaurant locations, and additional delivery, small order fee, and other service fees may apply. Chick-fil-A and Chick-fil-A restaurant Operators may change applicable fees from time to time as necessary and appropriate for the services. Delivery services are not available on Sunday, when Chick-fil-A restaurant locations are closed. Enter your address on the Chick-fil-A website or access the App to see nearby Chick-fil-A restaurant locations and delivery options. 
Delivery times provided for delivery orders are estimates provided for convenience only and are subject to change based on a number of factors. Chick-fil-A and Chick fil A restaurant Operators are not responsible for inaccurate delivery time estimates or late deliveries. Chick-fil-A restaurants that offer delivery may also offer an order or location tracking system via the App on your mobile phone. Data usage or other like fees owed to your mobile carrier may apply.
From time to time, Chick-fil-A restaurant Operators may use third party delivery providers to fulfill delivery of orders for Chick-fil-A Delivery program, including autonomous delivery providers. You may receive communications from the third party delivery providers regarding your Chick-fil-A Delivery order, delivery time estimates, delivery status, and instructions for receiving your delivery. 
No Fee Delivery Offers. From time to time, Chick-fil-A and Chick-fil-A restaurant Operators may provide limited time promotional offers where a customer can have a qualifying order delivered via Chick-fil-A Delivery without paying the applicable delivery fee. An order minimum (before applicable taxes and fees) or small order fee may be required, and qualifying orders must be placed from a participating restaurant location within the delivery radius of the restaurant and during available delivery hours. Promotional offer will be applied to eligible orders at the time of a completed purchase. Waiver of delivery fee does not preclude voluntary tips and gratuities and applicable small order fees, surcharges, sales, use or other transactional taxes will apply. Additional terms and restrictions may apply and will be included with or linked from the offer. 
Third-Party Delivery Services. Delivery may also be available through select third-party delivery services identified on the Chick-fil-A website or in the App for qualifying orders placed at participating Chick-fil-A restaurant locations. When ordering through a third-party delivery service, you understand and agree that you are placing the order with that third-party service provider and not Chick fil A or a Chick-fil-A restaurant Operator. The delivery services are provided by the third party, and Chick-fil-A and the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant Operators have no responsibility or liability for the acts or omissions of the third-party delivery service provider. All orders placed through a third-party delivery service are subject to any terms and conditions provided by that service provider at the time of the order. For clarification, delivery orders initiated on third-party food delivery platforms are not qualifying purchases and are not eligible to receive Chick-fil-A One points or redeem rewards. 
TITLE AND SALES TAXES FOR DOORDASH DELIVERIES. FOR DOORDASH DELIVERIES, TITLE TO FOOD PASSES FROM THE RESTAURANT TO YOU AT THE RESTAURANT'S LOCATION AND POSSESSION OF THE FOOD PASSES FROM THE STORE TO YOU AT THE RESTAURANT'S LOCATION WHEN DOORDASH PICKS UP THE FOOD ON YOUR BEHALF AS AN AGENT FOR YOU. DOORDASH IS ONLY PERMITTED TO, AND HAS AGREED TO, DELIVER PRODUCTS WITHIN THE TAXING JURISDICTION OF THE RESTAURANT. IN JURISDICTIONS WITH MARKETPLACE FACILITATOR LAWS, DOORDASH IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR CALCULATING AND REMITTING THE CORRECT TAX. 
Copyright Infringement Notification 
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U. S. Copyright Law. If you believe in good faith that Materials available on the CFA Online Services infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) should send us a notice requesting that we remove the Material or block access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly submitted a notice to us under this paragraph, then you should send us a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See website_url_lnk for details. 
If you believe that your work has been improperly copied and posted on the CFA Online Services, then please provide us with the following information: name, address, telephone number, email address, and an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on his or her behalf; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; the applicable CFA Online Service and a description of where the Material that you claim is infringing is located within such CFA Online Service; a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. These requirements must be followed to give us legally sufficient notice of infringement. 
Notices and counter-notices should be sent to chick-fil-A, Inc.
ATTN: Legal, DMCA Manager 
dmca@chick-fil-a.com 
5200 Buffington Road 
Atlanta, Georgia 30349 
404-765-8000 
DMCA details are available at website_url_lnk 
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Please be aware that there may be penalties for false claims under the DMCA. 
XI. Login and Registration 
Certain programs, offers, features, or services offered on or through the CFA Online Services may require you to complete a registration process and setup an account or login. In connection therewith, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and maintain and promptly update your information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your login, including your password. You agree to notify Chick-fil-A immediately of any unauthorized use of your login, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by Chick-fil-A or any other CFA Online Service user or visitor due to someone else using your login as a result of your failing to keep your login information secure and confidential. You may not use anyone else's login at any time without their express written permission. Chick-fil-A shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
Multi-Factor Authentication SMS Terms. For security purposes, you will be required to provide a one-time code sent to you via text message any time you sign-up for or log-in to your Chick-fil-A account, known as "multi-factor authentication." One message per sign-up or log-in attempt. You acknowledge and agree that Chick-fil-A may send a confirmation text message with the one time code for authentication any time you sign-up or log-in to your Chick-fil-A account. Message and data rates may apply. Contact your wireless provider for more information about your text plan or data plan. You can get more information at any time by texting "HELP" to 232632. When you send the SMS message "HELP" to us, we respond with instructions on how to use the service.
You can cancel the SMS service at any time by texting "STOP" to 232632. When you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we reply with an SMS message that confirms that you have been unsubscribed. Please note that a valid mobile phone number is required to enable the multi-factor authentication upon sign-up and log-in to a Chick-fil-A account and cancelling the SMS service will impact your ability to sign-up or log-in to your Chick-fil-A account. Chick-fil-A is not responsible for your inability to log-in to your account or any loss arising from your failure to enable transmissions from Chick-fil-A for proper account authentication.
Social Sign-On. The CFA Online Services may support sign-on from third-party platforms to make it easier for you to sign in or create an account. When you sign-in, you will be asked to establish an account by providing your name, email address, mobile phone number, and a password. If you elect to sign-on through a third-party platform, you may use those credentials, which will automatically be linked to your account. Use of third-party platforms to create and access your account is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such third parties. You may disconnect the account from the third-party platform at any time by updating the settings in that account or by removing the authorization through the settings of that account. If the third-party service becomes temporarily or permanently unavailable for any reason, if you elect to delete your account with that third-party platform used to access the CFA Online Services, or if you unlink your account on the third-party platform and CFA Online Services account, you may not be able to log into your account though that third-party platform. 
XII. Third-Party Sites and Social Media Pages 
The CFA Online Services may contain links to other third-party websites, including the websites of Chick-fil-A restaurant Operators, and social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Foursquare (all links to third-party websites and social medial platforms are collectively referred to herein as "Linked Sites"). Linked Sites are provided only for your convenience. If you decide to visit any Linked Sites, you do so at your own risk. Chick-fil-A and its Affiliates have no responsibility or liability for any Linked Sites, or the content, policies, or actions thereof. If you choose to purchase any product or service from Linked Sites (including, without limitation, from Operators' Linked Sites), your relationship is with that third party. You agree that we are not responsible for the quality of third-party products or services, or fulfilling any of the terms of your agreement with the seller, including, but not limited to, the delivery of products and services and warranty obligations related to products and services. Links do not imply that we sponsor, endorse, are affiliated with or associated with, or are legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, service mark, design, logo, symbol, or other copyrighted materials displayed on or accessible through such Linked Site. 
XIII. Privacy 
Chick-fil-A's Privacy Policy applies to use of the CFA Online Services and programs, offers, and promotions, and its terms are made a part of these Terms and Conditions of Use by this reference. By accessing and using the CFA Online Services you agree to our handling of your personal information as described in our Privacy Policy. 
XIV. Ownership of Intellectual Property 
Chick-fil-A, Chick-fil-A Stylized, Chick-fil-A One, the C Logo, and other trademarks, service marks, and trade dress appearing on the CFA Online Services are the trademarks or service marks of CFA Properties, Inc. ("CFA Properties") or its third-party licensors in the United States and other countries. Chick-fil-A is a licensee of CFA Properties. The absence of a trademark notice or legend indicating the registration or ownership by CFA Properties or such third-party licensor anywhere in the text of the CFA Online Services does not constitute a waiver of that entity's trademark or other intellectual property rights concerning that trademark or service mark used or referenced in the CFA Online Services. 
The CFA Online Services, the Materials, and the trademarks, logos, service marks, and all other source identifying indicia displayed on the CFA Online Services (collectively, the "Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property") are owned by or licensed to CFA Properties, Chick-fil-A, or others with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted. We do not permit third parties to use Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property in any manner, including advertising, as an endorsement for any product or service, in association with contests or promotions, or for any other purpose, commercial or otherwise, without our prior express written permission. 
Nothing contained on the CFA Online Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property without our prior express written permission. You are strictly prohibited from using any Chick-fil-A Intellectual Property except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions of Use. You are also advised that CFA Properties and its licensees will aggressively enforce their intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including seeking criminal prosecution. 
XV. Electronic Communications 
When you visit the CFA Online Services or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the CFA Online Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You further agree that any notices provided by us electronically are deemed to be given and received on the date we transmit any such electronic communication as described in these Terms and Conditions of Use. You understand and agree that Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates or Providers, and anyone contacting you on their behalf, may send communications to you in any manner, including using a pre-recorded or artificial voice or an automatic telephone dialing system, including but not limited to communications concerning orders placed through your account on the CFA Online Services. 
XVI. No Warranties 
Chick-fil-A makes no representations or warranties regarding the CFA Online Services and the Materials.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. 
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE USE OF THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES, OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED THEREFROM, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. 
THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS, AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, PARTNERS, SPONSORS, LICENSORS, LICENSEES, OR THE LIKE ("PROVIDERS") IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES. 
XVII. Limitations of Liability 
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AND WE EACH AGREE TO LIMIT CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES, OR OTHER MONETARY RELIEF AGAINST EACH OTHER TO DIRECT AND ACTUAL DAMAGES REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY. NEITHER YOU NOR WE SHALL SEEK ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, TREBLE, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FROM THE OTHER. YOU AGREE CHICK-FIL-A IS NOT LIABLE FOR PROBLEMS CAUSED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY, BY ANY ACT OF NATURE, OR BY ANY CRIMINAL ACTIVITY BY SOMEONE UNRELATED TO CHICK-FIL-A.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR ANY OF OUR PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES (LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF INFORMATION, PROGRAMS, OR DATA) RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES AND THE MATERIALS, PROGRAMS, OFFERS, FEATURES, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE CFA ONLINE SERVICES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW. 
XVIII. Indemnification 
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, its Providers, and its and their officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees), and expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from: your breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use; and your activities in connection with the CFA Online Services, and the Materials, programs, offers, features, and services made available through the CFA Online Services. 
XIX. International Users and Choice of Law 
The CFA Online Services are controlled, operated, and administered by us and our service providers from offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that Materials on the CFA Online Services are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the CFA Online Services or export the Materials in violation of U. S. export laws and regulations. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U. S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U. S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and you are not listed on any U. S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. If you access the CFA Online Services from locations outside of the United States of America, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. These Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, U. S. A., without regard to conflict of laws provisions or principles.
XX. Dispute Resolution, Binding Arbitration, and Class Action Waiver
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY. IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH CHICK-FIL-A AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF. THIS SECTION XX OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE REFERRED TO AS THE "ARBITRATION AGREEMENT". 
INDIVIDUALIZED DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION. YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL CONTROVERSIES OR CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE, INCLUDING TORT AND STATUTORY CLAIMS, IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, OUR PRIVACY POLICY, DATA SECURITY, OR DATA PRIVACY, INCLUDING ANY QUESTIONS OF ARBITRABILITY (REFERRED TO COLLECTIVELY AS A "DISPUTE"), SHALL BE SETTLED BY INDIVIDUAL BINDING ARBITRATION ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION ("AAA") BY A SOLE ARBITRATOR OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT. If you are an individual, then the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for consumer Related Disputes then in effect will apply. If you are a business or legal entity other than an individual, then the arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the AAA's Commercial Rules then in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any conflict between the AAA's rules and these Terms and Conditions of Use, the Terms and Conditions of Use will govern. The AAA rules are available at website_url_lnk You and we each also agree that this Arbitration Agreement affects interstate commerce so that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law, not state law, apply and govern any questions regarding the enforceability of this dispute resolution provision, including all questions of arbitrability (despite the general choice of law provision set forth above). THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. THE ARBITRATOR MUST FOLLOW THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CAN AWARD, ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS A COURT (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES). 
For any and all Disputes you have, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your Dispute by sending a written description of your Dispute to Chick-fil-A, Inc., ATTN: Legal Department, 5200 Buffington Rd., Atlanta, GA 30349 ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must contain enough information for us to attempt to resolve your claim, including your name; Chick-fil-A One member number, if applicable; the email address and telephone number associated with your Chick-fil-A One account, if applicable; a written description of the problem, relevant documents, and supporting information; and a good faith calculation of the damages you claim to have suffered and a statement of the specific relief you are seeking. You may be represented by an attorney or other person in that process. However, if you choose to be represented by an attorney or other person, you must also submit with your Notice of Dispute a signed, written authorization allowing us to discuss your Dispute with your attorney or other representative. 
You and we each agree to negotiate any Dispute between us in good faith for a sixty-day period. You and we each further agree that neither of us may commence any arbitration or small claims proceeding unless you and we are unable to resolve the Dispute within 60 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute and the party who sent the Notice of Dispute has made a good faith effort to resolve the claim during that time. 
If we are unable to resolve your claim within 60 days despite those good faith efforts, then either you or we may start arbitration or small claims court proceedings. To begin arbitration, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to the following address: Chick-fil-A, Inc., ATTN: Legal Department, 5200 Buffington Rd, Atlanta, GA 30349 and to the AAA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the claims asserted in any request or demand for arbitration could have been brought in small claims court, then either you or we may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before the arbitrator is appointed, by notifying the other party of that election in writing. Any dispute about whether a claim qualifies for small claims court will be resolved by that court, not by an arbitrator. In the event of any such dispute, the arbitration proceeding will remain closed unless and until the small claims court issues a decision that the claim must proceed in arbitration.
The arbitration of all disputes will be conducted by a single arbitrator, who shall be selected using the following procedure: the AAA will send the parties a list of five candidates; if the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator from that list, each party shall return its list to the AAA within 10 days, striking up to two candidates, and ranking the remaining candidates in order of preference; the AAA shall appoint as arbitrator the candidate with the highest aggregate ranking; and if for any reason the appointment cannot be made according to this procedure, the AAA may exercise its discretion in appointing the arbitrator. All arbitrators appointed pursuant to this process are subject to the disclosure and disqualification procedures set forth in the applicable AAA rules and any applicable state laws or rules.
If you are an individual, then the arbitration will be held virtually or in the city/county in which you reside. If you are a business or legal entity other than an individual, then the arbitration will be held in Atlanta, Georgia. 
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the applicable AAA rules. If you initiate an arbitration, you are required to pay AAA's initial filing fee, but we will reimburse you for this filing fee at the conclusion of the arbitration to the extent it exceeds the fee for filing a complaint in a federal or state court in your county (or parish) of residence, subject to the restriction set forth in the following paragraph. Any facts, evidence, documents, or testimony introduced or produced in an arbitration proceeding may be used only in that proceeding and may not be disclosed, introduced, or used in another arbitration proceeding even if it involves the same or similar claims. We each also agree that the arbitrator will not be bound by rulings in any prior arbitrations not involving the same parties, even if they involved the same or similar claims.
An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief and attorneys' fees. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought was frivolous, or that your claim was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then we will not reimburse your initial filing fee and may seek an award of our legal fees or costs against you and your counsel. This Arbitration Agreement authorizes the arbitrator to award fees or other sanctions against your counsel. If you seek injunctive or declaratory relief, you agree that the arbitrator may award injunctive or declaratory relief in favor of you alone, and only to the extent necessary to resolve your individual claim.
The arbitrator will have the power to rule on their own jurisdiction, including any issues concerning the existence, validity, or scope of either this Arbitration Agreement, including whether any claim is subject to arbitration, provided that: any dispute about whether a claim qualifies for small claims court will be resolved by that court, not by an arbitrator; and a court will have the authority to determine whether the parties have complied with the informal dispute resolution procedures set out above and whether any claim you or we have filed in arbitration or in court is inconsistent with the Class Action Waiver included in these Terms and Conditions of Use. 
WAIVER OF CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED ACTIONS ("CLASS ACTION WAIVER"). YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT YOU MAY ONLY BRING CLAIMS IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY ON YOUR OWN BEHALF, AND NOT IN ANY REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY CLASS OR PURPORTED CLASS, AND NO PROCEEDINGS COMMENCED HEREUNDER MAY BE JOINED WITH OR INCLUDE ANY OTHER PARTIES, OR CLAIMS BY OTHER PARTIES (WHETHER REPRESENTATIVE, MASS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION). To the extent permitted by law, each party agrees that this limitation includes, but is not limited to, precluding each party from pursuing any claim for public injunctive relief, whether in arbitration or court. If we believe that any claim you have filed is inconsistent with this limitation, then you agree that we may seek an order from a court determining whether your claim is within the scope of this class action waiver. 
If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that any part of this Arbitration Agreement cannot be enforced with respect to any claim, remedy, or request for relief, the rest of this Arbitration Agreement will continue to apply; provided, however, that if the Class Action Waiver is declared to be unenforceable or invalid, this entire Arbitration Agreement (other than this sentence) will not apply to that claim, remedy, or request for relief (but will still apply to any and all other claims, remedies, and requests for relief that you or we may assert in that or any other action). In any such case, you and we agree that we will arbitrate all claims, remedies, and requests for relief subject to individual arbitration first, and that any remaining unresolved claims, remedies, or requests for relief may be pursued in court only after the arbitrator's award has been issued. In any such proceeding, the arbitrator's factual findings will not be entitled to deference by the court. 
XXI. No Agency Relationship 
Neither these Terms and Conditions of Use, nor any Materials, programs, offers, features, or services of the CFA Online Services, create any partnership, joint venture, employment, or other agency relationship between Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, and you. You may not enter into any contract on our behalf or bind us in any way. 
XXII. Violations and Remedies 
You agree that Chick-fil-A may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, block, suspend, and terminate your access to any or all of the CFA Online Services if we determine that you have violated these Terms and Conditions of Use or other agreements or guidelines that may be associated therewith. You also agree that any violation, or threatened violation, by you of these Terms and Conditions of Use constitutes an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable and unquantifiable harm to Chick-fil-A. You also agree that monetary damages would be inadequate for such harm and consent to our obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that we deem necessary or appropriate. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in equity. 
If Chick-fil-A takes legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use, we will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Chick-fil-A. You agree that Chick-fil-A will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the CFA Online Services as a result of any violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use. 
XXIII. Entire Agreement, Claims Limitations, and Severability 
These Terms and Conditions of Use, together with our Privacy Policy and any other applicable terms included within the CFA Online Services, and the Materials, programs, offers, features, and services made available through the CFA Online Services, as each is currently posted on the CFA Online Services, constitute the entire agreement between us and you with respect to your use of the CFA Online Services and the Materials, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between us and you with respect to such subject matter. Any cause of action you may have arising out of or relating in any way to the CFA Online Services must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises. If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use, our Privacy Policy, or any portion thereof, to be unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give the intended effect thereof, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy shall continue in full force and effect. 
XXIV. Contact Information 
If you have any questions about CFA Online Services or these Terms and Conditions of Use, or you would like to report violations of these Terms and Conditions of Use, please contact us at chick-fil-A, Inc.
5200 Buffington Road 
Atlanta, Georgia 30349 
1-866-CFA-2040 or 1-866-232-2040 
website_url_lnk
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. 
2020-23 CFA Properties, Inc. All rights reserved.
Chick-fil-A One Terms & Conditions 
Chick-fil-A One Terms & Conditions 
Chick-fil-A One Terms & Conditions
Last Updated: June 19, 2023
These terms and conditions govern the Chick-fil-A One Membership Program (the "Program").
The Chick-fil-A One Membership Program is operated by Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") and subject to the specific Terms and Conditions provided below as well as the Terms and Conditions of Use available at website_url_lnk ("Terms and Conditions of Use", incorporated here by this reference) (collectively with these Chick-fil-A One Terms & Conditions, the "Terms"). Defined terms from the Terms and Conditions of Use not otherwise defined below are incorporated here by this reference. 
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, AS DETAILED IN THE SECTION ENTITLED DISPUTE RESOLUTION, BINDING ARBITRATION, AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER BELOW, YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, OUR PRIVACY POLICY, DATA SECURITY, OR DATA PRIVACY THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION OR SMALL CLAIMS DISPUTE PROCEDURES, UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BELOW, AND YOU AGREE TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION SUIT. 
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU ALSO AGREE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY, LOCATED AT website_url_lnk WHICH IS INCORPORATED INTO THESE TERMS AND MAY BE UPDATED FROM TIME TO TIME. 
Eligibility. Participation in the Program is limited to persons residing in the United States who are eligible to use CFA Online Services. You must be at least 13 years of age to participate in the Program or to redeem Guest Offers (as defined below). Individuals under the age of majority in their jurisdiction must obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian to participate in the Program. Certain aspects of the Program are only available to those who are at least 18 years of age. Chick-fil-A One accounts are limited to one individual per account and duplicate accounts (including under multiple email addresses or phone numbers) may be deleted or terminated by Chick-fil-A. For the avoidance of doubt, only natural persons transacting in their personal capacity and for their own account are eligible to participate. No business entities, third-party aggregators, organizations, or groups may register for the Program or earn Points (as defined below). 
Program Description. The Program is a customer loyalty program that allows a Member (as defined below) to receive and redeem loyalty points ("Points") for Rewards (as defined below) and Member Benefits (as defined below) on an individual basis for their own account. A Member may receive Points and Member Benefits based on their Membership Tier (as described below) through qualifying purchases, participating in activities or events, achieving certain Program milestones, or other actions or opportunities as may be presented by Chick-fil-A from time to time. These Terms provide a general overview of the Program. For more information on receiving, calculating, or redeeming Points, Rewards, Membership Tiers and Member Benefits, features and experiences, please visit the Chick-fil-A One Program page. 
There is no fee associated with the Program. Participation in the Program is personal and non-transferable. Points, Membership Tiers, Rewards and Member Benefits may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred, except that the Program may allow a Member to donate or gift Points and Rewards, at the Member's discretion, in certain limited instances. The donation or gifting of Points is not tax-deductible to the Member. Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits available via the Program have no cash value, are not redeemable for cash, gift certificates or gift cards, are purely promotional, and do not constitute property of any participant. No portion of any payment for purchases qualifying for the Program or any Points, Membership Tier, Member Benefits, or Rewards constitute consideration paid for any of the foregoing. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and Member Benefits and limit the number of Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits available. 
Joining the Program. To participate and enjoy the full benefits of the Program and be eligible for the benefits of a Membership Tier, eligible individuals must enroll and become a member of the Program ("Member"). Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit participation and enrollment at any time. 
How to Sign Up. To become a Member, you must have a valid Chick-fil-A One account. Sign-up for a Chick-fil-A One account by downloading the Chick-fil-A App ("App") to your Android or iPhone device and follow the prompts to access account sign-up and sign-in page in the App.
How to Sign Up. To become a Member, you must have a valid Chick-fil-A One account. Sign-up for a Chick-fil-A One account by following the prompts at website_url_lnk to create an online account.
How to Sign Up. To become a Member, you must have a valid Chick-fil-A One account. Sign-up for a Chick-fil-A One account by joining through a special promotion or event offered by Chick-fil-A from time to time.
Upon sign-up, you will be required to provide the requested information, including, but not limited to, name, password, e-mail address, and mobile phone number. Chick-fil-A may periodically request additional information to help us get to know you better. You agree to provide true and accurate information and to ensure that information provided by you is up-to-date and accurate. Communications with you will be made using contact information most recently provided by you. 
Multi-Factor Authentication SMS Terms. For security purposes, you will be required to provide a one-time code sent to you via text message any time you sign-up for or log-in to your Chick-fil-A One account, known as "multi-factor authentication." One message per sign-up or log-in attempt. You acknowledge and agree that Chick-fil-A may send a confirmation text message with the one time code for authentication any time you sign-up or log-in to your Chick-fil-A One account. Message and data rates may apply. Contact your wireless provider for more information about your text plan or data plan. You can get more information at any time by texting "HELP" to 232632. When you send the SMS message "HELP" to us, we respond with instructions on how to use the service. You can cancel the SMS service at any time by texting "STOP" to 232632. When you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we reply with an SMS message that confirms that you have been unsubscribed. Please note that a valid mobile phone number is required to enable the multi-factor authentication upon sign-up and log-in to a Chick-fil-A One account and cancelling the SMS service will impact your ability to sign-up or log-in to your Chick-fil-A One account. Chick-fil-A is not responsible for your inability to log-in to your account, receive or redeem Points, Member Benefits, or Rewards or any other loss arising from your failure to provide and maintain accurate contact information or to enable transmissions from Chick-fil-A for proper account authentication. 
Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may send you messages from time to time using the contact information provided by you. Such messages may include system updates, flash bulletins, marketing communications or event notifications, Program confirmations, administrative announcements, special requests and the like. These may be sent via notifications in the App, via e-mail, regular mail, other electronic communications, or communicated to you on a receipt or display at the time of use of your Chick-fil-A One account.
When using the App, please make sure you are on the most recent version of the App to support the user experience. 
User Conduct. By joining the Program, you agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors, and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators, partners and other Members. You agree not to harass, abuse, stalk, intimidate, threaten or engage in any conduct that harms, harasses, or offends any employees, contractors or agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators, or partners engaged in the provision of services, including the delivery of any orders, or any other Members or third parties. 
If you violate these Terms or engage in any fraud or abuse in use of the Program, Chick-fil-A may terminate your membership, bar you from future participation in the Program, and cancel any unredeemed Points, Rewards, and other benefits. 
Reward Points and Membership Tiers. The benefits available to a Member through the Program are based on Membership Tier and the number of Points that the Member receives through participation in the Program. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to provide Members with any particular number of Point-earning opportunities or special offers, or to send messages to them. 
Points. Points are automatically tracked at the time of the qualifying purchase, transaction or activity. Points for any single qualifying purchase or activity may only be credited to one Chick-fil-A One account. Points will be credited to the Chick-fil-A One account upon consummation of the qualifying transaction or activity garnering Points. In certain cases, it may take twenty-four hours or more for Points to be credited. Chick-fil-A shall not be responsible for, or liable to, any Member, person or entity, in any way, for any losses, costs or expenses incurred by a delay or error in crediting Points or Membership Tier benefits to a Member's Chick-fil-A One account. 
Available Points totals for a Member account will be displayed in the Member's Chick fil A One account in the App or online at website_url_lnk
Purchase Activity. You will receive Points for qualifying purchases and transactions following enrollment as a Member in the Program based on your Membership Tier by completing one of the following purchases at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant or Affiliate restaurant: placing and completing an online order (via CFA Online Services) for a qualifying purchase through the App or other CFA Online Service (including through the Checkout with DoorDash feature in the App, where available); using your Digital Gift Card via an in-App QR Code or other CFA Online Service; scanning the digital code or providing approved account verification information linking to your Chick-fil-A One account at checkout at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant; or entering your Chick-fil-A One membership number and required information from your receipt from purchase at website_url_lnk within thirty days after the purchase date. Certain purchases and transactions do not qualify, including, without limitation: purchases of Chick-fil-A gift cards or gift certificates; purchases or transactions made using Points, Rewards or other promotional item (such as a Digital Offer Card, Be Our Guest card or Guest Offer (as defined below)); or catering purchases made as a guest (e.g., made while not signed in to your Chick-fil-A One account), whether made in-store, online or through the App. 
For clarification, orders made on third-party food delivery platforms (e.g., DoorDash, Grubhub, UberEats, etc.) are not qualifying purchases and will not count toward a Membership Tier or earn Points. These purchases are not eligible to earn Points as a missed transaction request. Orders placed by or on behalf of third-party aggregators, groups, organizations, and business entities will not generate qualifying purchases and will not count toward your Membership Tier or earn Points. 
You will not receive Points for any amounts paid in delivery fees, small order fees, surcharges, gratuity, sales, use or other transactional taxes. 
Milestones, Events, Promotional Activities. From time to time, Chick-fil-A or others acting with our permission may offer Members opportunities to earn Points, such as by inviting the Member to engage in certain promotional activities, upon achieving certain Program milestones, or other actions or opportunities as may be presented. Points for such activities or milestones will be awarded as described in the applicable offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth with that offer. 
Membership Tiers. Each Member will be assigned a member tier status: Chick fil A One, Chick-fil-A One Silver, Chick-fil-A One Red, or Chick-fil-A One Signature (each, a "Membership Tier") based on the number of Points that Member receives in his/her Chick-fil-A One member account each year (the "Rewards Year") from that Member's qualifying purchases and participation in other activities and opportunities during that Rewards Year. Details regarding the Membership Tiers and how the Rewards Year is calculated are available through the Chick-fil-A One Program page. Once a Member reaches a certain Membership Tier status, the Member will retain that Membership Tier status for the remainder of that year and the next Rewards Year. Membership Tier status is determined annually, and a Member must meet the requirements for a particular Membership Tier status each Rewards Year or that status will not be maintained. Points from one Rewards Year do not roll over to a subsequent Rewards Year for purposes of determining Membership Tier. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or update the number of Points or other actions and requirements needed to earn each Membership Tier status and benefits. 
Redeeming Rewards. To redeem Points for available Chick-fil-A rewards ("Rewards"), you must access the Rewards section on the App or online at website_url_lnk to view Rewards available for redemption, and then select to redeem an available Reward. You must have at least enough available Points in your Chick-fil-A One account ("Available Points") for the Reward you wish to redeem. Members must accrue a minimum of two hundred (200) Available Points before the first redemption for any Reward. In any single transaction, only one Chick fil A One account may be used to redeem Points for Rewards. Points accrued by a Member in any purchase or transaction may only be redeemed for Rewards in a separate, subsequent purchase or transaction. Rewards can only be redeemed through the App or online at website_url_lnk or website_url_lnk while logged into your Chick-fil-A One Account. Rewards cannot be redeemed through any third-party platforms. Rewards provided to Members have set terms and will expire in accordance with the terms stated for that Reward. Determinations regarding redemption of Points are subject to Chick-fil-A's discretion. 
Points will be subtracted from the Member's Chick-fil-A One account immediately when a Reward is requested based on the total Points for the requested Reward. Points will be restored to a Member's Chick-fil-A One account only in the event Chick fil A determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the Reward requested by that Member is unavailable or cannot be delivered. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and limit the number of Rewards available at any particular Membership Tier. 
Attempts to redeem single use offers and verification codes for Rewards multiple times or through multiple users constitutes fraud and may result in the termination or suspension of your Chick-fil-A One account. 
Gifting of Rewards. Members who reach Chick-fil-A One Silver, Chick-fil-A One Red, or Chick-fil-A One Signature Membership Tier status may transfer Rewards to friends. Only those Chick-fil-A One Rewards that have been redeemed with Chick-fil-A One Points are eligible to be transferred. Rewards eligible to be transferred include a "Gift to a Friend" button within the App. To transfer a Reward, select "Gift to a Friend" on the applicable Reward item or in the "My Rewards" section of the App and follow prompts to create a link to share to the recipient using a method of the Member's choice. Once a link has been created, the Points are redeemed; however, the Reward will remain in the Member's account until the recipient has received it. Each Reward link may only be used once, and the link will be void after the Reward is redeemed or expires. Daily gifting limits may apply. 
Once a Reward is transferred, the Reward is non-refundable and cannot be forwarded, transferred, or re-assigned. The Reward must be used by the recipient within the time frame specified for that Reward or it will expire. A transferred Reward can be used to redeem the specified Reward, but it does not count toward the Membership Tier status of the recipient receiving the transferred Reward. 
Chick-fil-A may periodically make the gifting feature available to all Members for a limited time. When available, Members will see a "Gift to a friend" button available with eligible Rewards. 
Special Member Benefits. Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, in their sole and absolute discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for additional rewards or benefits on particular transactions or special offers ("Member Benefits"). Member Benefits may be distributed via the App, online or via e-mail or mail from time to time (based on the information you have in your Chick-fil-A One account). Member Benefits may include periodic promotional offers on food, beverages and merchandise, invitations to special events, or related benefits. You must have your App set to receive notifications and have opted-in to receive email communications in order to receive promotional and marketing offers in App or via e-mail. Member Benefits may be customized based on your qualifying purchases and preferences. In certain events, Member Benefits may require that you have location settings enabled for them to be distributed to your App. Please note that Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may be unable to send these Member Benefits to you if you have turned off your notifications or location settings in the App; if you have elected not to receive email or other communications from Chick-fil-A; or if you have poor network connectivity. Member Benefits may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Member Benefits are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred, except as the Program may allow in certain limited instances. You may be required to present your Chick-fil-A One account information at the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant in order to redeem Member Benefits. Read each offer carefully for specific details, limitations and restrictions. 
Guest Offers; Digital Offer Cards. Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, in their sole and absolute discretion, may periodically send offers via the App or via email to Members, or distribute offers to customers (whether or not they are Members) through physical offer cards. These offers are referred to as 'treats' and 'rewards' but may appear with different descriptions from time to time (collectively, "Guest Offers"). In order to receive digital Guest Offers sent to Members via their Chick-fil-A One account, eligible individuals must access their valid Chick-fil-A One account via website_url_lnk or via the App to obtain the QR Code for the Guest Offer. To transfer a Guest Offer from a physical offer card to a Chick-fil-A One account, open the Chick-fil-A App and scan the Guest Offer's QR Code. A Member may transfer no more than three Guest Offers per week, up to a maximum of ten Guest Offers per month, from a physical offer card to their Chick-fil-A One account. Members may hold a maximum of 20 Guest Offers transferred from a physical offer card in their Chick fil A One account at any given time. Once transferred to the App, Members must redeem the Guest Offer by scanning the Guest Offer in the App or placing a qualifying mobile order in accordance with the Guest Offer's terms. Guest Offers presented on a physical offer card without a QR Code cannot be transferred to a Chick-fil-A One account. 
The number, type and frequency of Guest Offers are based on a number of factors, each of which is subject to change without notice. Guest Offers are purely promotional offers, have no cash value, and do not constitute property of the recipient. Guest Offers may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Restrictions apply and items are subject to availability at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants. All Guest Offers must be redeemed prior to the stated expiration date to be valid. It is your responsibility to check your Chick fil A One account periodically for Guest Offers and to use the Guest Offers prior to the stated expiration date. To redeem a Guest Offer, you must present the valid Guest Offer at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant (for in-person transactions) or be logged in to your Chick-fil-A One account (for website_url_lnk or in-App transactions). Determinations regarding redemption of Guest Offers in restaurant are subject to the discretion of the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant. Updates to the status of Guest Offers may take 24-48 hours or more to show up in your Chick-fil-A One account. A list of current Guest Offers and redeemed and expired Guest Offers are available under your Chick-fil-A One account. 
Member Benefits, Rewards, and Guest Offers may not be accepted at some Chick fil A restaurants, including Chick-fil-A Express and Chick-fil-A licensed locations such as airports, college campuses, office complexes and hospitals.
Expiration of Points and Rewards; Inactive Accounts. Unredeemed Points expire upon the cancellation or termination of your Chick-fil-A One account as described below. When you redeem your Points for Rewards, your oldest Available Points are used first. If you have any questions regarding your Chick-fil-A One account status, please contact Chick-fil-A by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). Rewards and Member Benefits expire in connection with the terms provided with that Reward or Member Benefit. Once Points expire or are used to redeem a Reward, the Points will be removed from a Member's account. Points will not be added back to a Member's account if the Member does not use a Reward before it expires. 
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to cancel a Member's Program registration and Chick-fil-A One account if the Member's account remains inactive for a period of two years or more. Accordingly, once you register for the Program, if you do not make a purchase or engage in an activity for which you will receive Points within your Member account within two years after your initial registration or the last recorded purchase or activity for which you received Points, Chick-fil-A reserves the right to cancel your account. You understand and agree that cancellation by Chick-fil-A of a Chick-fil-A One account will result in the cancellation of all Points, Rewards, Member Benefits, and any progress towards a Membership Tier associated with that account and the inability to earn and redeem further Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits, regardless of Membership Tier. 
Cancellation; Termination. You may opt-out of the Program at any time, for any reason by cancelling your Chick-fil-A One account by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). If you cancel your Chick-fil-A One account, any unredeemed Points, Rewards and Member Benefits, and progress towards a Membership Tier will automatically be cancelled and will no longer be available for redemption. If you re-enroll at any time, you will start at the introductory Membership Tier as applicable. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at Chick-fil-A's sole and absolute discretion, any Chick-fil-A One account if Chick-fil-A believes that the account holder has abused Chick-fil-A One privileges, has violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms or applicable law, or otherwise acted in a manner harmful to our interests. Chick fil A further reserves the right to refuse delivery of any orders, including those placed through a Chick-fil-A One account, if Chick-fil-A believes that a Member has violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms or applicable law or acted in a manner harmful to our interests or our franchised Operators, or may be likely to do so based upon prior communications, conduct, interactions, or similar factors. 
Upon cancellation or termination for any reason, your Chick-fil-A One account shall immediately cease, and you may no longer receive Points, Rewards, or Member Benefits. Chick-fil-A has no obligation to and shall not compensate you for any unredeemed Points, Rewards, Member Benefits, or other benefits of the Program following cancellation. Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation. 
Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the Program, or any or all benefits under the Program or any policy pertaining to the Program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to discontinue or change the Membership Tiers or change the expiration date or redemption value of Points or Rewards, merge the Program with another program, or to adjust how Points or Rewards are received, calculated or redeemed. 
If Chick-fil-A elects to terminate or modify in a material way the Program or any benefits or policies of the Program, Chick-fil-A will provide a notice of the material modification or termination by posting the modifications or notice of termination to the CFA Online Services and updating the Last Updated date. We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Any modifications will become effective immediately after such posting or other such notification. We encourage you to review these Terms regularly for modifications. In the event of such termination, at Chick-fil-A's election, Chick-fil-A may allow you to redeem any outstanding valid and unexpired Points or Rewards at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant until expiration of such Points or Rewards. ANY UNREDEEMED AND UNEXPIRED POINTS OR REWARDS SHALL BE CANCELLED AT THE LATER OF THE EXPIRATION OF THE THEN-CURRENT REWARDS OR NINETY DAYS AFTER PROGRAM TERMINATION. 
Dispute Resolution. Dispute Resolution, Binding Arbitration, and Class Action Waiver. 
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY. IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH CHICK-FIL-A AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF. THIS SECTION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE REFERRED TO AS THE "ARBITRATION AGREEMENT". 
INDIVIDUALIZED DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION. YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL CONTROVERSIES OR CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE, INCLUDING TORT AND STATUTORY CLAIMS, IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, OUR PRIVACY POLICY, DATA SECURITY, OR DATA PRIVACY, INCLUDING ANY QUESTIONS OF ARBITRABILITY (REFERRED TO COLLECTIVELY AS A "DISPUTE"), SHALL BE SETTLED BY INDIVIDUAL BINDING ARBITRATION ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION ("AAA") BY A SOLE ARBITRATOR OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT. If you are an individual, then the AAA's Consumer Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for consumer Related Disputes then in effect will apply. If you are a business or legal entity other than an individual, then the arbitration will be administered by AAA in accordance with the AAA's Commercial Rules then in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any conflict between the AAA's rules and these Terms, these Terms will govern. The AAA rules are available at website_url_lnk You and we each also agree that this Arbitration Agreement affects interstate commerce so that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law, not state law, apply and govern any questions regarding the enforceability of this dispute resolution provision, including all questions of arbitrability (despite the general choice of law provision set forth above). THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. THE ARBITRATOR MUST FOLLOW THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CAN AWARD, ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS A COURT (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES).
For any and all Disputes you have, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your Dispute by sending a written description of your Dispute to Chick-fil-A, Inc., ATTN: Legal Department, 5200 Buffington Rd., Atlanta, GA 30349 ("Notice of Dispute"). The Notice of Dispute must contain enough information for us to attempt to resolve your claim, including your name; Chick-fil-A One member number, if applicable; the email address and telephone number associated with your Chick-fil-A One account, if applicable; a written description of the problem, relevant documents, and supporting information; and a good faith calculation of the damages you claim to have suffered and a statement of the specific relief you are seeking. You may be represented by an attorney or other person in that process. However, if you choose to be represented by an attorney or other person, you must also submit with your Notice of Dispute a signed, written authorization allowing us to discuss your Dispute with your attorney or other representative. 
You and we each agree to negotiate any Dispute between us in good faith for a sixty-day period. You and we each further agree that neither of us may commence any arbitration or small claims proceeding unless you and we are unable to resolve the Dispute within 60 days after receipt of the Notice of Dispute and the party who sent the Notice of Dispute has made a good faith effort to resolve the claim during that time. 
If we are unable to resolve your claim within 60 days despite those good faith efforts, then either you or we may start arbitration or small claims court proceedings. To begin arbitration, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to the following address: Chick-fil-A, Inc., ATTN: Legal Department, 5200 Buffington Rd, Atlanta, GA 30349 and to the AAA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the claims asserted in any request or demand for arbitration could have been brought in small claims court, then either you or we may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before the arbitrator is appointed, by notifying the other party of that election in writing. Any dispute about whether a claim qualifies for small claims court will be resolved by that court, not by an arbitrator. In the event of any such dispute, the arbitration proceeding will remain closed unless and until the small claims court issues a decision that the claim must proceed in arbitration. 
The arbitration of all disputes will be conducted by a single arbitrator, who shall be selected using the following procedure: the AAA will send the parties a list of five candidates; if the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator from that list, each party shall return its list to the AAA within 10 days, striking up to two candidates, and ranking the remaining candidates in order of preference; the AAA shall appoint as arbitrator the candidate with the highest aggregate ranking; and if for any reason the appointment cannot be made according to this procedure, the AAA may exercise its discretion in appointing the arbitrator. All arbitrators appointed pursuant to this process are subject to the disclosure and disqualification procedures set forth in the applicable AAA rules and any applicable state laws or rules.
If you are an individual, then the arbitration will be held virtually or in the city/county in which you reside. If you are a business or legal entity other than an individual, then the arbitration will be held in Atlanta, Georgia.
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the applicable AAA rules. If you initiate an arbitration, you are required to pay AAA's initial filing fee, but we will reimburse you for this filing fee at the conclusion of the arbitration to the extent it exceeds the fee for filing a complaint in a federal or state court in your county (or parish) of residence, subject to the restriction set forth in the following paragraph. Any facts, evidence, documents, or testimony introduced or produced in an arbitration proceeding may be used only in that proceeding and may not be disclosed, introduced, or used in another arbitration proceeding even if it involves the same or similar claims. We each also agree that the arbitrator will not be bound by rulings in any prior arbitrations not involving the same parties, even if they involved the same or similar claims.
An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief and attorneys' fees. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought was frivolous, or that your claim was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then we will not reimburse your initial filing fee and may seek an award of our legal fees or costs against you and your counsel. This Arbitration Agreement authorizes the arbitrator to award fees or other sanctions against your counsel. If you seek injunctive or declaratory relief, you agree that the arbitrator may award injunctive or declaratory relief in favor of you alone, and only to the extent necessary to resolve your individual claim.
The arbitrator will have the power to rule on their own jurisdiction, including any issues concerning the existence, validity, or scope of either this Arbitration Agreement, including whether any claim is subject to arbitration, provided that: any dispute about whether a claim qualifies for small claims court will be resolved by that court, not by an arbitrator; and a court will have the authority to determine whether the parties have complied with the informal dispute resolution procedures set out above and whether any claim you or we have filed in arbitration or in court is inconsistent with the Class Action Waiver included in these Terms. 
WAIVER OF CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED ACTIONS ("CLASS ACTION WAIVER"). YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT YOU MAY ONLY BRING CLAIMS IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY ON YOUR OWN BEHALF, AND NOT IN ANY REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY CLASS OR PURPORTED CLASS, AND NO PROCEEDINGS COMMENCED HEREUNDER MAY BE JOINED WITH OR INCLUDE ANY OTHER PARTIES, OR CLAIMS BY OTHER PARTIES (WHETHER REPRESENTATIVE, MASS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION). To the extent permitted by law, each party agrees that this limitation includes, but is not limited to, precluding each party from pursuing any claim for public injunctive relief, whether in arbitration or court. If we believe that any claim you have filed is inconsistent with this limitation, then you agree that we may seek an order from a court determining whether your claim is within the scope of this class action waiver. 
If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that any part of this Arbitration Agreement cannot be enforced with respect to any claim, remedy, or request for relief, the rest of this Arbitration Agreement will continue to apply; provided, however, that if the Class Action Waiver is declared to be unenforceable or invalid, this entire Arbitration Agreement (other than this sentence) will not apply to that claim, remedy, or request for relief (but will still apply to any and all other claims, remedies, and requests for relief that you or we may assert in that or any other action). In any such case, you and we agree that we will arbitrate all claims, remedies, and requests for relief subject to individual arbitration first, and that any remaining unresolved claims, remedies, or requests for relief may be pursued in court only after the arbitrator's award has been issued. In any such proceeding, the arbitrator's factual findings will not be entitled to deference by the court. 
General Restrictions. Chick-fil-A shall be the sole arbiter in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or violation of its Terms and any decision it makes relating to termination, suspension, or other disabling of the Program or a Member's Chick-fil-A One account (including, but not limited to, cancellation or suspension of Points, Rewards, Member Benefits and Guest Offers) shall be final and binding. Should you object to any of these Terms, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the Program, your sole remedy is to discontinue participation in the Program and properly cancel your account in the manner provided above. These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, U. S. A., without regard to conflict of laws provisions or principles. 
2020-23 CFA Properties, Inc. All rights reserved.
Chick-fil-A User Generated Content Terms of Use 
Chick-fil-A User Generated Content Terms of Use 
Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("CFA") would like your permission to feature your original content in our advertising and promotional materials, including on our social media channels. Giving us permission to use your content means that you have read, understand, and agree to these Terms of Use. 
If you choose to give us permission to use your content, please reply with the hashtag #ShareChickfilA. 
What this means: By replying with the hashtag, you grant CFA and its agents, licensees, sublicensees, franchisees, owner-Operators, affiliates, related entities, assigns, contractors, and third-party service providers (collectively, the "CFA Parties"), a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, transferable, and sublicensable right to use your Content in any manner determined in our sole discretion. For clarification, this means we may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, alter and edit your Content with no obligation to you whatsoever. You also grant use the right to use any identifying information included in or with your Content, including but not limited to your username, real name, image, likeness, description, location, or voice, and you irrevocably and unconditionally waive (and agree not to enforce) any rights you may otherwise have in the Content, including without limitation any moral rights or equivalent rights. Whether we choose to use the Content is solely our choice. We may remove or stop using the Content at any time, for any reason. You do not acquire any rights in proprietary information and materials of the CFA Parties by authorizing our use of your Content, and our use of the Content does not imply CFA's endorsement of or affiliation with you. You represent and warrant that you are solely responsible for the Content (e.g., you did not take or copy it from another person, post or source), the Content does not (and the CFA Parties' use of it will not) violate someone else's rights or any law, rules, or regulations, you are not a minor and are competent to agree to these Terms, and if any other persons appear in the Content, you have obtained their permission to authorize our use of the Content as described herein. 
Other important terms: By replying with the hashtag, you release, discharge and agree to hold the CFA Parties and any person acting on our behalf harmless from any liability related in any way to our use of your Content. Your Content is not confidential. We have no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information contained in the Content, except pursuant to our respective privacy policies. By agreeing to these Terms, you consent to the CFA Parties' collection and disclosure of any personal information you provide in connection with your Content in the manner described herein, including to servers or third parties located outside the country in which you live. 
These Terms may not be assigned or transferred by you for any reason without CFA's prior written consent. If CFA does not exercise or enforce a legal right or remedy contained in these Terms or available under applicable law, it will not be deemed a formal waiver and those rights or remedies will still be available to CFA. If any court of law with jurisdiction determines that a provision in these Terms is invalid, that provision will be removed and the remaining provisions will continue to be valid and enforceable. These Terms are governed by Georgia law excluding conflict of laws rules. With respect to any dispute or other legal proceeding arising out of these Terms or our use of the Content, you irrevocably consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in state and federal courts located in Atlanta, Georgia. 
CFA reserves the right to alter these Terms without advance notice by posting revised Terms of Use, which shall become effective when published. Any questions about your Content or these Terms of Use should be directed to: cfasocial@chick-fil-a.com. 
Last updated: November 9, 2020.
Promotional Offer Terms and Conditions 
Charlotte, Lubbock, & San Diego, No Delivery Fee Promotional Offer Terms of Use 
From 7/11/2022 through 7/16/2022, Chick-fil-A One members who place and complete a qualifying delivery order through the Chick-fil-A App from participating Charlotte, Lubbock, & San Diego area Chick-fil-A locations will have a $0 Delivery Fee automatically applied to their Chick-fil-A Delivery or Checkout with DoorDash order. Minimum purchase requirements or small order fees may apply, calculated before fees or taxes. Order must be placed from an eligible location within the delivery zone of a participating restaurant and during available delivery hours. Delivery orders placed on 3rd party delivery platforms, including those placed directly in the DoorDash app, are not eligible for this offer. Delivery options and availability vary by location. Menu prices are higher than at restaurants. This discount will be applied to eligible orders at the time of a completed purchase. Other fees and taxes still apply. 2022 CFA Properties, Inc.
Chick-fil-A Privacy Policy 
Chick-fil-A Privacy Policy 
Effective as of June 19, 2023 
View our prior Privacy Policy here 
Your privacy is very important to us. This Chick-fil-A Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how Chick-fil-A, Inc., its affiliates, subsidiaries and related entities such as CFA Properties, Inc., CFA Servco, Inc., Chick-fil-A Canada ULC, and Chick-fil-A LLC, (collectively, "Chick-fil-A", "CFA Group", "we", "us", or "our") process and use the personal information that we collect through our websites and mobile apps ("Online Services"), our restaurant technologies such as Wi-Fi services at your favorite Chick-fil-A Restaurant, our interactions with you over the phone or offline related to our products and services (collectively, together with Online Services, the "Services"), and other sources.
We would love for you to know how we gather information about you and use that information to make your Chick-fil-A experience more remarkable across both online and offline worlds. So, this Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect about you and how we process personal information. We have tried to make this Privacy Policy clear and easy to navigate, but if you don't understand something, please feel free to reach out. You can contact us as described in the "Contact Us" Section.
Please note this Privacy Policy describes how Chick-fil-A generally handles personal information across various Services, so we will let you know when a specific Service is subject to a separate privacy policy that supplements or supersedes this Privacy Policy. 
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any affiliate or related entity of Chick-fil-A, Inc. that maintains and publishes its own privacy policy. Also, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any Franchised Operator or Licensee because Chick-fil-A restaurants are owned and operated by Franchised Operators and Licensees who are independent third parties. Please see the "Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services" Section for more information. 
We Make Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and the updated Privacy Policy applies to you after the effective date stated in the revised Privacy Policy. Please come back to this page occasionally to check to see if it has been updated. You can also contact us as described in the "Contact Us" Section to receive a copy of the current Privacy Policy. If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you such as posting a prominent notice on our website or emailing you if you provided your email to us.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information that you provide to us, when you manage or update your account with us, depending on how you interact with us. For example, you may provide information to us when you Sign up for our loyalty programs, events, or communications, manage your account with us
During the sign-up or registration process or when you communicate with us, when you manage or update your account with us, you may provide information such as your name, email address, physical address, phone number, mobile phone number, date of birth and age.
Participate in promotions and events, respond to surveys and market research, or provide feedback to us
You may provide information to us about you, your household and other personal attributes through promotions, events, surveys, market research and feedback. This information may include your name, your contact information, name and age of your family members (including your children), and demographic and other information (e.g., household income, gender, age group, race or ethnicity, etc.) if you choose to share this information with us. We may use this information to administer your participation in the promotion, event or survey and to respond to your feedback as well as market research and marketing analysis purposes, either on an aggregate or identifiable basis.
Order or purchase our products or services
You may provide your payment information to us (or we may process your payment information on behalf of another CFA Group entity or Franchised Operators and Licensees), such as credit and debit card numbers, expiration date, and CVV as well as mailing address through orders, purchases, or other payment or subscription services. You may also provide additional information such as the type and color of your vehicle and delivery addresses to help us serve you better.
Share stories, content or suggestions, or submit requests for information
We collect information when you share stories, content, experiences, suggestions, preferences or other input (e.g., expressing your preferences, comments, complaints, etc.), or submit requests for information from us. This includes information you share when you access or interact with Chick-fil-A pages or accounts on any third-party social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or LinkedIn or contact us by email or phone or in-person. This may also include recordings of telephone conversations you may have with our CARES customer support personnel.
Content you share on our Online Services or social media pages (e.g., stories, comments, blogs, postings, etc.) may include personal information. You are responsible for all actions resulting from any information you post on our Online Services or social media pages. Please remember that any information you post on social media pages may become publicly available, is not subject to this Privacy Policy, and Chick-fil-A is not responsible for the results of such postings.
Information We Collect Automatically or from Others
We may obtain some information automatically, for example, when you Access or use the Online Services
Traffic Data. Our Online Services automatically track and collect your IP address, domain server, type of computer or device, and type of web browser. This helps us customize your online experience and assists with our marketing. We use this information to make our online experience better and more relevant for you. For example, we can show you menu items for the correct time of day in your location. 
We also use cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your computer and allow websites to remember information about you ("Cookies"). You may adjust your browser and Chick-fil-A's Cookie Preference Center settings to accept or reject certain Cookies. However, if you decide not to accept certain Cookies from our Online Services, you may not be able to take advantage of all available features. Please see our Cookie and Interest-based Advertising Policy to learn about the types of Cookies we use, how we use them, and your choices for Cookies. Additionally, we process opt-out preference signals from Global Privacy Control ("GPC"). GPC is a browser-level technical specification that you can use to inform websites that you opt-out of sales or sharing of data for cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising. If you use GPC, our website will treat the browser you use to access our website as opted-out from sales or sharing to the extent we engage in such processing. If you access our website from another browser, you will need to install GPC on that browser. You may learn how to set up GPC by visiting website_url_lnk
Web Beacons. Certain pages on the Online Services and social media pages may contain web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, and clear GIFs), which are small bits of code embedded in pages or images on the Online Services and social media pages ("Web Beacons"). The Web Beacons may be used with Cookies to understand how you interact with us, so we can manage and improve those interactions. We may also include Web Beacons in e-mails we send to you to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. This helps us improve future messages and makes them more meaningful to you. 
Other Technologies. We also utilize other tracking technologies. For example, if permitted by applicable law, we may collect "referrers". A "referrer" is information your web browser passes along to web servers that refers to the URL from which you accessed the Online Services. 
Like most websites, we may also collect environmental variables, which include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the time you accessed the Online Services or social media pages, the type of web browsers and operating system or platform used, the Internet address of the website you left to visit the Online Services or social media pages, the names of the web pages you visit, the Internet address of the website you visit next, and your browser settings (e.g., language preference). We use these technologies to collect and retain usage data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including for marketing and security purposes and to improve your experience with our Online Services.
Information collected automatically may be combined with other personal information we have about you so that we can improve and customize the Online Services and our communications and promotions. When we know how you interact with our Online Services, we can serve you better.
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies: your IP address, browser type, and operating system.
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies: the mobile device you use and its temporary or persistent unique device identifiers.
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies: pages you view within the Online Services.
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies: websites you visited before coming to the Online Services.
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies: video viewing history for videos you watch on the Online Services; 
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies: emails from us that you open and forward; and/or
In a nutshell, the following are examples of information we collect with these automated technologies: offers or links from us to which you connect. 
Use location-enabled devices like a mobile phone to access the location-based services
If you utilize any of the location-based services such as "Find a Restaurant" on our Online Services or from location-enabled devices like your mobile phone or tablet, with your consent where required, we may collect, use, store, and disclose location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device (e.g., when you permit our access to GPS location on your device). We use the location data to provide Services such as mobile order fulfillment, and to improve location-based services, to enhance your experience and our operations, and for marketing and promotions. We may disclose your location data to third-party service providers who help us provide the Services such as identifying nearby restaurants, surfacing available market offers, and estimating mobile order pickup or delivery timing. You may limit access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your device. If you grant us permission, we may collect location information when the app is running in the foreground or background. 
Order or purchase our products or services
We also collect information, through our business partners, relating to your purchases from us and our Franchised Operators and Licensees to process your transactions and to perform research and marketing analytics, such as the authorization code of the transaction, payment method, the date and time of the transaction, items purchased, the purchase price, and other order or purchase related information.
Use social media platforms or other connected third-party services
The Online Services and our communications may contain links to third-party websites, including social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or LinkedIn (collectively, "Linked Sites"). We are not responsible for the privacy practices, policies, or content of any Linked Sites, even if you followed a link to them from the Online Services or our communications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Linked Sites. We encourage you to read and understand the privacy policies of any Linked Sites that you visit.
We may obtain information about you from Linked Sites. For example, when you link your account or engage with the Online Services through Linked Sites such as third-party social media sites, you may be allowing us to have ongoing access to certain information stored on those Linked Sites as described to you by those Linked Sites (e.g., your public profile, profile photo, friends list). We may receive certain information about you which is stored on Linked Sites if other users of those sites give us access to their profiles and you are one of their friends or connections, depending upon your settings on those Linked Sites. The information we have access to from Linked Sites varies and is controlled by your privacy settings on each Linked Site and by your consent.
We also obtain some personal information from others, for example your Friends and Family. We may obtain additional information about you when someone, like your friend or family member, provides your information to us as part of their transaction with us (e.g., facilitating an order pick-up) or a referral or promotional program (e.g., refer-a-friend program).
If we offer you the ability to share information with a friend or family member through email or other means, we rely on you to ensure that you only share information with individuals with whom you have a personal or family relationship and who would want to receive the communication. We will use the contact information you provide to communicate with your friend or family member on your behalf. 
Franchised Operators and Licensees. We process information about you from our Franchised Operators and Licensees when we provide certain services for them. We may access and process personal information to provide these services, for example, to process your payment and manage mobile orders and other services like third-party delivery service order fulfilment on behalf of Franchised Operators and Licensees or at your direction. For more information, please see the "Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services" Section. 
CFA Group Entities and Other Third Parties. We may also collect personal information from CFA Group entities, third-party providers and business partners, including delivery partners, public databases, social media platforms, or third parties such as analytics or advertising and marketing providers, where permitted under applicable law.
How We Use Your Information
We use substantially all categories of the information we collect, on its own and combined with other information we collect about you, for the following purposes: Providing our products or services to you
We use your information to process your orders and payments, including on behalf of another CFA Group entity and Franchised Operators and Licensees, and for operation of our business. 
Communicating with you
We use your information to communicate with you regarding our restaurants, products, services, events, promotions and other offers and respond to your inquiries, comments, feedback, stories, or postings. We may also provide information on our employment opportunities and job openings. You can unsubscribe from our email marketing communications at any time. See the "Communication Preferences" Section for more information. 
Customizing and improving your experience
We use your information to tailor our products, services, promotions, communications and the Services so that they are more useful and relevant to you, such as through targeted advertising and messaging personalization.
Creating and managing your accounts with us
We use your information to create and manage your accounts (e.g., Chick-fil-A One accounts, registration for events, online ordering, mobile payments, contests, promotions, etc.) and administer your participation in our programs, events and other offerings. More information on the information we collect as part of the CFA One Program is available in the Notice of Financial Incentives Section.
Getting to know our customers 
Your information helps us understand your preferences and provide and improve support related to our product and service offerings and marketing efforts. For example, we may use your information to develop our products, services, promotions, and other offers.
Your information helps us understand your preferences and provide and improve support related to our product and service offerings and marketing efforts. For example, we may use your information to respond to your requests, suggestions, and other communications.
Your information helps us understand your preferences and provide and improve support related to our product and service offerings and marketing efforts. For example, we may use your information to improve our Services and business operations; and
Your information helps us understand your preferences and provide and improve support related to our product and service offerings and marketing efforts. For example, we may use your information to conduct research and analysis for marketing, business and other operational purposes. 
Marketing and advertising 
We promote our products and services and aim to provide tailored ads to you and others. We may advertise our products and services using third-party websites or online services. Please see our Cookie and Interest-Based Advertising Policy to learn more about our advertising and marketing partners. You may opt out of targeted advertising by accessing our Cookie Preference Center located in the footer of each website we operate through which we disclose your information for targeted advertising.
Fraud detection, security, legal enforcement and compliance
We use each category of your information to protect the security and integrity of our business and the Services, for enforcement of our agreement with you, for example, Terms and Conditions of Use, Chick-fil-A One Terms & Conditions, and Canadian Terms & Conditions of Use, as applicable, and our compliance with applicable law.
We may combine personal information about you with other information we have acquired from third parties in accordance with applicable law. We will treat the combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy.
When we process information as de-identified information, we will not re-identify such de-identified information, except as permitted under applicable law.
Unless we notify you separately, we do not process your personal information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects as such term is defined under applicable law.
How We Disclose Your Information
To perform our Services, we may disclose substantially all categories of your information within Chick-fil-A and to third parties as necessary to complete your order, to provide our products and services, for purposes described in the "How We Use Your Information" Section, or with your consent. However, we do not sell your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. 
We may disclose your information to the following types of third parties: Within Chick-fil-A, with CFA Group Entities and Franchised Operators and Licensees
We disclose personal information within Chick-fil-A, Inc. and to CFA Group entities and Franchised Operators and Licensees to provide our products, services, promotions and other Services to you and for our marketing purposes, in accordance with applicable law. We may also disclose personal information to CFA Group entities and Franchised Operators and Licensees at your direction or request.
Service providers 
We disclose personal information to third-party service providers that provide a variety of services on our behalf or at your direction, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to the development, maintenance, and support of the Services and social media pages, payment processing, fraud detection, online and mobile application ordering, delivery of products and services, the distribution of email and mobile messages, promotions, advertising services, and marketing research and analysis. Our service providers may be located outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside. Please see the "Transfers of Personal Information Outside Your Jurisdiction" Section for more information.
We may also disclose the personal information we collect to our analytics vendors and partners to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence for our advertising and marketing purposes. For example, we use personal information to create custom audiences and measure the success of promotions.
When you watch videos on the Online Services, you agree that we may disclose your video viewing to or obtain information about your video viewing from analytics service providers, advertising partners and social media platforms. 
Other entities 
In addition, we may disclose personal information with other entities for additional purposes. For example, we may share personal information with our business partners and other third parties upon your request or at your direction. We may also share personal information as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for these corporate events. An entity that buys us or part of our business may continue to use your data in accordance with the Privacy Policy, unless you request otherwise. 
We may also share personal information as may be necessary to detect security incidents and fraudulent or illegal actions or to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Chick-fil-A, Inc. and CFA Group entities, Franchised Operators and Licensees, and their respective employees, customers, visitors, users, service providers, or any other person or entity; to comply with law, a court order, or other legal process (which may include access by courts, law enforcement or governmental authorities in the US or other jurisdictions), or in connection with a legal investigation; to enforce any applicable terms and conditions and other agreements; as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable law; or in accordance with your consent. 
Access to Information and Your Choices 
We provide you with the opportunity to access, update or delete certain information and to unsubscribe or opt-out from certain communications. For example, you may exercise your choices as described below. Please be aware that, if you do not allow us to collect and use your personal information, we may not be able to deliver certain products, services, promotions, or offerings to you.
Opportunity to access, update and delete your information 
You may access, correct or update certain personal information you have provided to us at any time by accessing your Chick-fil-A One account (U. S.) or Chick-fil-A account online or through the Chick-fil-A App, where offered.
If you are a resident of the United States, you can also request to access or delete your personal information by: 
Calling us toll-free at Chick-fil-A CARES at 1-866-232-2040; or
Completing a privacy rights request form. If you have a Chick-fil-A One account, please complete the privacy rights request form available here. Please complete the form available here if you do not have a Chick-fil-A One account. 
If you are a resident of Canada, you may submit your request to access or delete your personal information by emailing our Privacy Officer at privacy.canada@chick-fil-a.com.
Communication preferences
You may choose how and whether to receive promotional or marketing communications from us. You may exercise your choices by following instructions available on the Online Services or in communications sent to you. For example, to unsubscribe from our email communications, follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in each of our email messages. Please note that we may continue to send transactional or account-related messages to you. 
You may also receive communications from our Franchised Operators and Licensees. To opt out of these communications, please refer to the unsubscribe instructions contained in those communications. 
Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take up to 3-5 business days for your "unsubscribe" request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after submitting an "unsubscribe" request, please let us know by contacting us using one of the methods listed in the "Contact Us" Section so that we can investigate the situation. 
Account deactivation
You may close your account by accessing your profile online. If a resident of the United States, you may also close your Chick-fil-A One account via your profile within the Chick-fil-A App or by calling Chick-fil-A CARES at 1-866-232-2040. Please note, you may not be able to close your account when you have a remaining balance on your Chick-fil-A One account or associated gift cards. Please contact us at the toll-free number as listed in the "Contact Us" Section. When you close your account, we may keep some of your information for legal or our internal business purposes.
Information Security
We seek to keep your personal information secure by implementing reasonable technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help us protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit card number, we endeavor to use industry standard methods to protect that information. We also ask our third-party service providers to use reasonable security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. However, please be aware that no method of electronically transmitting or storing information is ever completely secure.
E-mail Security & How You Can Help
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information which you suspect may be a scam, please notify us as provided in the "Contact Us" Section.
Retention
We retain personal information for the length of time needed to carry out the processing purposes described in the Privacy Policy. We also retain information for related business purposes, security, legal compliance, and disputes and claims handling, consistent with our retention policy and as permitted by applicable law.
Notice of Financial Incentives
This Notice of Financial Incentives is provided by Chick-fil-A and applies to the Chick-fil-A One loyalty program (the "Program"). We are providing this Notice of Financial Incentives because applicable law may require us to provide certain information about the Program and obtain your opt-in consent prior to entering you into the Program. 
We reserve the right to add financial incentives to this Notice of Financial Incentives and to terminate the Program at any time at our sole discretion.
Chick-fil-A One Program Details
Summary of the Incentives 
Your account receives points on qualifying purchases at eligible restaurants. Points are accumulated to get rewards that may be redeemed for discounts on future purchases. You may also be granted rewards for being a member, such as for your birthday, and receive access to insider content or personalized experiences. 
Material Terms
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include identifiers (e.g., name, email address, password, physical address, phone number, date of birth and age).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include personal information described in Subdivision of Section 1798.80 (California customer records statute) (e.g., credit card number or other payment information).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include commercial Information (e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include internet/Network Activity (e.g., browsing history or search history on the Chick-fil-A website or app).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include geolocation Data (e.g., physical location or movements).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include sensory Data (e.g., electronic, visual, or similar information).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include inferences from personal information collected (e.g., customer profiles such as shopping preferences).
We may share this personal information with the categories of third parties listed in "How We Disclose Your Information." We do not disclose personal information collected in connection with the Program to data brokers. We may disclose substantially all categories of personal information above to our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. We may process and share this information for targeted advertising. 
How to Opt In to the Program 
Register for an account online at Chick-fil-A.com or on the Chick-fil-A App. 
Value of Consumer Data 
In our good faith calculation, we consider the value of consumer data collected through the Program as the equivalent of relevant expenses related to the collection and retention of consumers' personal information as part of the Program. The financial incentive we offer to consumers through the Program is reasonably related to the value of the consumer's data. 
Withdrawal from the Program 
You have the right to withdraw from the Program at any time. Please note, withdrawing from the Program will result in the loss of earned points, unredeemed rewards, and eligibility to participate in events and promotions, and will also limit your ability to utilize the full suite of features available in the Chick-fil-A One program because we will no longer be able to associate you with any points, rewards, or other events or promotions. You may withdraw by closing your Chick-fil-A One account via your profile within the Chick-fil-A App or website or calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). Please call Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040) if you have a remaining balance on your Chick-fil-A One account or associated gift cards as you may not be able to close your account within the Chick-fil-A One program.
California Addendum, California Consumer Privacy Policy 
If you are a California consumer, the following provisions apply to our processing of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household ("California Personal Information"). For California consumers, the provisions of this California Addendum prevail over any conflicting provisions in other sections of this Privacy Policy. We share, and in the past 12 months have shared California Personal Information such as California residents' use of our Online Services with our marketing and advertising partners for cross-contextual advertising purposes as further described below. Otherwise, we do not sell, and in the past 12 months we have not sold, California Personal Information. Additionally, we do not sell or share, and in the past 12 months we have not sold or shared, California Personal Information of individuals we know to be under 16 years of age. 
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Identifiers, such as a real name, physical address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, and third parties such as Linked Sites, your family and friends, Franchised Operators and Licensees, and public databases.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Personal information described in subdivision of Section 1798.80 (California customer records statute), such as a name, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or other payment information. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, other CFA Group entities, Franchised Operators and Licensees or other third parties such as our business partners.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as age, gender, race, ethnicity or national origin. This category of information is collected from you when you choose to provide it to us directly or indirectly through our service providers and business partners as part of our surveys and market research.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, other CFA Group entities, Franchised Operators and Licensees or other third parties such as our business partners.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Internet or other similar network activity, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, browser settings like language preference, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. This category of information is collected from you and your devices.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Geolocation data, including physical location or movements. This category of information is collected from you and your devices.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Sensory data, including electronic, visual, or similar information. This category of information, such as photos, is collected from you and third parties such as Linked Sites, CFA Group entities, our service providers, or Franchised Operators and Licensees.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Inferences, such as a profile about a consumer's preferences, characteristics, and behavior, drawn from information we collect and insights we receive from third parties such as our marketing and advertising partners and data analytics providers.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Sensitive personal information, such as account login information allowing access to an account, precise geolocation data, race, and ethnicity, in each case as further described above in the relevant categories. If you win a promotional prize or sweepstakes, we may also collect your W9 information, including FEIN or SSN for legal compliance. Please note we do not collect sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
Please see the "Information You Provide to Us" and "Information We Collect Automatically or from Others" Section to learn more about the types of information we collect and how we collect them. We retain each category of California Personal Information as described in the "Retention" section of the Privacy Policy.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards; 
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of a consumer's personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes; 
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as short-term, transient use including contextual non-personalized advertising shown as part of a consumer's current interaction with us; 
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as providing services on our behalf or on behalf of another, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling transactions, verifying identity information, processing payments, and other services; 
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology; 
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality or safety of services or devices which we may own, control, or provide; 
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as providing the rewards and other perks that come from being a member of the CFA One Program. More information on how we use personal information as part of the CFA One Program is available in the Notice of Financial Incentives Section.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as other purposes described in the "How We Use Your Information" Section.
We may also use the information we collect for operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you additional notice, provided that such additional purposes are compatible with the context in which the California Personal Information was collected, or with your consent.
Within the last 12 months, we have disclosed California Personal Information for our business purposes. To learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see the "How We Disclose Your Information" Section.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information, including the Right to know what California Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of California Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the California Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing California Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose California Personal Information, and the specific pieces of California Personal Information we have collected about you.
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information, including the right to correct inaccurate California Personal Information that we have collected about you.
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information, including the right to delete California Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may not be able to delete your information when you have an unused gift card balance on your CFA One mobile app account. If you have an unused gift card balance on your CFA One mobile app account and would like to understand options available to you, please contact our CARES center at 1-866-232-2040. 
Please note, processing your deletion request will result in the elimination of your CFA One account, which will also limit your ability to utilize the full suite of features available in the Chick-fil-A App. Terminating your CFA One account will also result in the loss of earned points and unredeemed rewards. 
The right to opt out of the sale or the sharing of California Personal Information. 
We do not sell California Personal Information, but if you wish to opt out of the sharing of California Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising, please visit our Cookie Preference Center, located in the footer of each website we operate through which we share your information.
The right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information. 
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that, under applicable law, require us to support the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by applicable law, including the right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of your rights. 
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. As further detailed in the Notice of Financial Incentives Section, however, we may make different offers available to customers that have opted into a financial incentive. The value of the financial incentive to you will reasonably relate to the value of your California Personal Information.
You may request to exercise these rights by calling us toll-free at Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040); or
You may request to exercise these rights by completing our privacy rights request form. If you have a Chick-fil-A One account, please complete the privacy rights request form available here. Please complete the form available here if you do not have a Chick-fil-A One account.
As required under applicable law, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may require you to provide your first name, last name, email address, the amount of your last transaction and the date of your last transaction to verify your identity in response to exercising requests of the above type. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. When you submit a request to exercise your rights above, we will use the information you provide to process your request and to maintain a record of your request and our response, as permitted under applicable law.
Under California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. We will require the agent to provide proof of that written permission. To the extent permitted by law, we may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request, even if you choose to use an agent. 
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a California consumer, please complete our privacy rights request form available here. 
Statistical Information
We publish metrics regarding the number of requests we have received, complied with (in whole or in part) or denied, and also the median number of days in which we responded to such requests, in the previous year, as applicable to the time period in which the CCPA was in effect. 
The following details the metrics regarding consumer rights requests we received from all individuals, regardless of their state of residence, from January 1, 2022 to December 32, 2021.
Total Requests Received in 2022: 459
Request Type. Received. Granted (in whole or in part). Denied. Median Days to Respond 
Request to Know. 293. 211. 
82
Median: 21 
Request to Delete. 166. 105. 
61
Median: 20 
California Do Not Track
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how we respond to "Do Not Track" browser settings. We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. However, we respond to the GPC signals as the opt out preference signal as described in the "Cookies" Section above.
This California-specific addendum was last reviewed and updated as of June 19, 2023.
Additional U. S. State-Specific Privacy Rights Addendum
If you are a resident of a state in which state-level privacy law is enacted (e.g., Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia), additional rights described in this Section may apply to you as applicable law comes into effect. Please note, at Chick-fil-A, we endeavor to respond to your privacy requests even if you are not a resident of a state in which state-level privacy law applies.
Your Privacy Rights
You may have the following rights, in each case to the extent set out in applicable law: the right to confirm whether we process personal information about you and request access to such personal information (including, if applicable, in a portable and readily usable format). 
You may have the following rights, in each case to the extent set out in applicable law: the right to correct inaccuracies in certain personal information we may hold about you; and 
You may have the following rights, in each case to the extent set out in applicable law: the right to delete personal information collected from or about you. Note, processing your deletion request will result in the elimination of your CFA One account, which will also limit your ability to utilize the full suite of features available in the Chick-fil-A App. Terminating your CFA One account will also result in the loss of earned points and unredeemed rewards. 
Additionally, we may not be able to delete your information when you have an unused gift card balance on your CFA One mobile app account. If you have an unused gift card balance on your CFA One mobile app account and would like to understand options available to you, please contact our CARES center at 1-866-232-2040. 
You may request to exercise these rights by calling us toll-free at Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040); or
You may request to exercise these rights by completing our privacy rights request form. If you have a Chick-fil-A One account, please complete the privacy rights request form available here. Please complete the form available here if you do not have a Chick-fil-A One account.
If your rights request is denied, you may lodge an appeal with us. The response to your rights request will inform you of any appeal rights you may have and how you may exercise them. 
We do not sell personal information, but if you wish to opt out of our targeted advertising as defined under applicable law, please visit our Cookie Preference Center, located in the footer of each website we operate through which we disclose your information for targeted advertising. 
As required under applicable law, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may require you to provide your first name, last name, email address, the amount of your last transaction and the date of your last transaction to verify your identity in response to exercising requests of the above type. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. When you submit a request to exercise your rights described above, we will use the information you provide to process your request and to maintain a record of your request and our response, as permitted under applicable law. 
Under applicable law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. We will require the agent to provide proof of that written permission. To the extent permitted by law, we may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request, even if you choose to use an agent. 
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a consumer, please complete our rights request form available here.
Children's Privacy 
The Online Services are not intended for children under the age of 13, without parental or legal guardian consent. We do not knowingly collect personal information from users in this age group. We may, from time to time, provide special features such as games, animations, stories and downloadable books that children may use in a designated area of the Online Services. When we do so, we do not collect personal information from children on such designated areas other than personal information used for the support of the internal operations of such designated area of the Online Services. If you believe your child has provided personal information to us, please contact us via the email listed in the "Contact Us" Section and we will work to delete it.
Transfers of Personal Information Outside Your Jurisdiction
Please be aware that your personal information will be transferred to, stored or processed by us or our service providers in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated, or other jurisdictions where our service providers are located for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. 
Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or how we or our service providers collect, use or disclose your personal information, or if you need accessibility assistance, please contact us using any of the methods below if you are a resident of the United States (excluding Puerto Rico), by visiting the website at website_url_lnk or calling us at 1-866-232-2040. You may also contact us by emailing us at privacy@chick-fil-a.com. 
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or how we or our service providers collect, use or disclose your personal information, or if you need accessibility assistance, please contact us using any of the methods below if you are a resident of Puerto Rico, by emailing us at privacy.puertorico@chick-fil-a.com.
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or how we or our service providers collect, use or disclose your personal information, or if you need accessibility assistance, please contact us using any of the methods below if you are a resident of Canada, by calling us at 1-866-232-4020 or emailing our Privacy Officer at privacy.canada@chick-fil-a.com.
Please see below for important additional information:
The Chick-fil-A Franchise System
The Chick-fil-A franchise system is a restaurant network made up of company-operated, franchised, and licensed Chick-fil-A restaurant businesses. This means that Chick-fil-A franchisees ("Franchised Operators" or "Operators") own and operate their own individual franchised businesses and may do certain things differently than us. Franchised Operators and Chick-fil-A licensees ("Licensees") are independent third parties, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any Franchised Operator or Licensee. Please see the "Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services" Section for more information. 
Franchised Operator and Licensee Online Services
Chick-fil-A Franchised Operators and Licensees are independent third parties and may own, operate, and maintain their own website, social media page or other online service or communication channels ("Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of any Franchised Operator or Licensee. Questions or concerns regarding any Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services should be directed to the applicable Franchised Operator or Licensee.
We may allow a Franchised Operator or Licensee to link to the Online Services. Chick-fil-A, however, is not responsible or liable for any Franchised Operator or Licensee Online Services, even if it is linked to our Online Services, or for any Franchised Operator's or Licensee's online conduct and privacy practices.
Collection and Use of Personal Information of Prospective Chick-fil-A Franchised Operators
If you complete an application for a franchise opportunity with Chick-fil-A, Inc., Chick-fil-A LLC, or Chick-fil-A Canada ULC, or express interest or otherwise request information about franchise opportunities, we collect personal information that you provide in connection with your request for information and to evaluate your application for a franchise restaurant business opportunity. We may also collect personal information about you from third parties to supplement, update, or verify your information, and to process your application for consideration as a Franchised Operator. Applicable law may require that you authorize a third party to disclose your personal information to us before we can acquire it. Failure to provide any requested information may negatively impact consideration of your application to become a Franchised Operator. By expressing interest in becoming and applying to become a Franchised Operator, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in this manner, to the extent permitted by applicable law. If you are a California resident, you may have additional privacy rights in your California Personal Information that we collect in connection with your application for a franchise opportunity. For more information, please see our Franchisee Candidate Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Information of Chick-fil-A, Inc. Employment Applicants
If you complete an application for employment with Chick-fil-A, Inc., or request information regarding such opportunities, we may collect personal information that you provide (such as information contained in a resume or cover letter) in connection with your request for information and to evaluate your application for employment with Chick-fil-A, Inc. We may also collect personal information about you from third parties to supplement, update, or verify your information, and to process your application for consideration as a Chick-fil-A, Inc. employee. Applicable law may require that you authorize a third party to disclose your personal information to us before we can acquire it. Failure to provide any requested information may negatively impact consideration of your employment application. By applying to become an employee of Chick-fil-A, Inc., you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described above, to the extent permitted by applicable law. If you are a California resident, you may have additional privacy rights in your California Personal Information that we collect in connection with your application for employment. For more information, please see our California Candidate Privacy Policy. 
Click these links to download the English version and Spanish version of Chick-fil-A's Privacy Policy.
California Privacy Policy 
California Privacy Policy 
If you are a California consumer, the following provisions apply to our processing of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household ("California Personal Information"). For California consumers, the provisions of this California Addendum prevail over any conflicting provisions in other sections of this Privacy Policy. We share, and in the past 12 months have shared California Personal Information such as California residents' use of our Online Services with our marketing and advertising partners for cross-contextual advertising purposes as further described below. Otherwise, we do not sell, and in the past 12 months we have not sold, California Personal Information. Additionally, we do not sell or share, and in the past 12 months we have not sold or shared, California Personal Information of individuals we know to be under 16 years of age.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Identifiers, such as a real name, physical address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, and third parties such as Linked Sites, your family and friends, Franchised Operators and Licensees, and public databases.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Personal information described in subdivision of Section 1798.80 (California customer records statute), such as a name, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or other payment information. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, other CFA Group entities, Franchised Operators and Licensees or other third parties such as our business partners.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as age, gender, race, ethnicity or national origin. This category of information is collected from you when you choose to provide it to us directly or indirectly through our service providers and business partners as part of our surveys and market research.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. This category of information is collected from you, your devices, other CFA Group entities, Franchised Operators and Licensees or other third parties such as our business partners.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Internet or other similar network activity, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, browser settings like language preference, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. This category of information is collected from you and your devices.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Geolocation data, including physical location or movements. This category of information is collected from you and your devices.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Sensory data, including electronic, visual, or similar information. This category of information, such as photos, is collected from you and third parties such as Linked Sites, CFA Group entities, our service providers, or Franchised Operators and Licensees.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Inferences, such as a profile about a consumer's preferences, characteristics, and behavior, drawn from information we collect and insights we receive from third parties such as our marketing and advertising partners and data analytics providers.
We have collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months from the sources listed below: Sensitive personal information, such as account login information allowing access to an account, precise geolocation data, race, and ethnicity, in each case as further described above in the relevant categories. If you win a promotional prize or sweepstakes, we may also collect your W9 information, including FEIN or SSN for legal compliance. Please note we do not collect sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
Please see the "Information You Provide to Us" and "Information We Collect Automatically or from Others"Section to learn more about the types of information we collect and how we collect them. We retain each category of California Personal Information as described in the "Retention" section of the Privacy Policy.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of a consumer's personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as short-term, transient use including contextual non-personalized advertising shown as part of a consumer's current interaction with us; 
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as providing services on our behalf or on behalf of another, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling transactions, verifying identity information, processing payments, and other services.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality or safety of services or devices which we may own, control, or provide.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as providing the rewards and other perks that come from being a member of the CFA One Program. More information on how we use personal information as part of the CFA One Program is available in the Notice of Financial Incentives Section.
For each of the above categories, we use the California Personal Information for a variety of purposes such as other purposes described in the "How We Use Your Information" Section.
We may also use the information we collect for our operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you additional notice, provided that such additional purposes are compatible with the context in which the California Personal Information was collected, or with your consent.
Within the last 12 months, we have disclosed California Personal Information for our business purposes. To learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see the "How We Disclose Your Information" Section.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information, including the Right to know what California Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of California Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the California Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing California Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose California Personal Information, and the specific pieces of California Personal Information we have collected about you.
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information, including the right to correct inaccurate California Personal Information that we have collected about you.
If you are a California consumer, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information, including the right to delete California Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may not be able to delete your information when you have an unused gift card balance on your CFA One mobile app account. If you have an unused gift card balance on your CFA One mobile app account and would like to understand options available to you, please contact our CARES center at 1-866-232-2040.
Please note, processing your deletion request will result in the elimination of your CFA One account, which will also limit your ability to utilize the full suite of features available in the Chick-fil-A App. Terminating your CFA One account will also result in the loss of earned points and unredeemed rewards. 
The right to opt out of the sale or the sharing of California Personal Information.
We do not sell California Personal Information, but if you wish to opt out of the sharing of California Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising, please visit our Cookie Preference Center, located in the footer of each website we operate through which we share your information.
The right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information. 
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that, under applicable law, require us to support the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by applicable law, including the right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of your rights.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. As further detailed in the Notice of Financial Incentives Section, however, we may make different offers available to customers that have opted into a financial incentive. The value of the financial incentive to you will reasonably relate to the value of your California Personal Information.
You may request to exercise these rights by calling us toll-free at Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040); or
You may request to exercise these rights by completing our privacy rights request form. If you have a Chick-fil-A One account, please complete the privacy rights request form availablehere. Please complete the form available here if you do not have a Chick-fil-A One account.
As required under applicable law, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may require you to provide your first name, last name, email address, the amount of your last transaction and the date of your last transaction to verify your identity in response to exercising requests of the above type. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. When you submit a request to exercise your rights above, we will use the information you provide to process your request and to maintain a record of your request and our response, as permitted under applicable law.
Under California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. We will require the agent to provide proof of that written permission. To the extent permitted by law, we may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request, even if you choose to use an agent. 
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of a California consumer, please complete our privacy rights request form available here.
Statistical Information
We publish metrics regarding the number of requests we have received, complied with (in whole or in part) or denied, and also the median number of days in which we responded to such requests, in the previous year, as applicable to the time period in which the CCPA was in effect. 
The following details the metrics regarding consumer rights requests we received from all individuals, regardless of their state of residence, from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.
Total Requests Received in 2022: 459
Request Type
Received
Granted (in whole or in part)
Denied
Median Days to Respond 
Request to Know
293
211
82
Median:21 
Request to Delete
166
105
61
Median:20 
California Do Not Track
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how we respond to "Do Not Track" browser settings. We do not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. However, we respond to the GPC signals as the opt out preference signal as described in the "Cookies" Section above.
This California-specific addendum was last reviewed and updated as of June 2023.
California Franchisee Privacy Policy 
California Franchisee Privacy Policy 
PRIVACY POLICY FOR CALIFORNIA FRANCHISEES 
LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 1, 2023
Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("we", "Company" or "CFA") is committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal information of its current and former Chick-fil-A franchisees ("Franchised Operators " or "you"). We collect information about you ("personal information") in connection with your operation of a Chick-fil-A restaurant as outlined in this privacy policy to California Franchised Operators ("Privacy Policy"). We do not sell or share, and in the past 12 months we have not sold or shared, personal information as defined under applicable law, including personal information of individuals we know to be under 16 years of age. 
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or need access to this Privacy Policy in an alternative format for accessibility, please contact us by emailing FranchisePrivacy@chick-fil-a.com. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in our personal information practices, and we will notify you of any such changes pursuant to applicable law.
WHAT CATEGORIES OF FRANCHISED OPERATOR INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect, and within the past 12 months have collected, the following categories of personal information directly from Franchised Operators, through their access to our online solutions, and from Customers and CFA Employees. In connection with your operation of a Chick-fil-A restaurant, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you: category. Examples. Collected
Identifiers.. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security Number, driver's license number, or other similar identifiers. Yes 
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).. A name, signature, Social Security Number, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. Yes 
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.. Age, race/ethnicity, national origin, marital status, medical condition, gender, or veteran or military status collected voluntarily. Yes 
Commercial information.. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies obtained from background or credit history checks. Yes 
Biometric information.. N/A. No 
Internet or other similar network activity.. Information on your interaction with a CFA website, CFA application, or CFA advertisement. Yes 
Geolocation data.. N/A. No 
Sensory data.. Audio, visual, or similar information such as voice mail messages and audio recordings. Yes 
Professional or employment-related information.. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Yes 
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U. S. C. Section 1232g, 34 C. F. R. Part 99)).. N/A. No 
Inferences drawn from other personal information.. Profile reflecting a person's preferences and characteristics. Yes 
Sensitive Personal Information. Social Security Number, driver's license number, state identification card number, or passport number; precise geolocation; or race/ethnicity 
Please note we do not collect sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about Franchised Operators. 
Yes* 
To the extent we or our third-party service providers collect additional categories of information beyond those discussed above, additional notice will be provided, and we or our third-party service providers will ask for your consent before collecting such additional categories of personal information, as required by law. 
Personal information does not include information: excluded from the scope of personal information under applicable law, that is publicly available information or that is deidentified or aggregate information.
HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION OF FRANCHISED OPERATORS?
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to provide initial and ongoing training on brand standards and operational requirements to new Franchised Operators, to manage our relationships, and to foster a culture of care. 
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to facilitate collection of franchise fees from Franchised Operators.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to support fundamental operational needs and business necessity.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to manage our engagement with Franchised Operators.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to perform business research and analytics.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to protect the Company, Customers, and Franchised Operators', property, equipment, and confidential information; to monitor Franchised Operators' performance; and to enforce the Company's policies.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to comply with applicable law.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to help ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the Franchised Operators' personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: for debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: for short-term, transient use, provided that the Franchised Operators' personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about the Franchised Operators or otherwise alter the Franchised Operators' experience outside the current interaction with the business.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to undertake internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Personal information collected from or about Franchised Operators may be used for the following business purposes: to undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned by, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by CFA, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned by, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by CFA.
While relatively uncommon, there may be occasions when we use personal information of Franchised Operators for other purposes permitted under applicable law, for example, when we are required to disclose information in connection with contractual or legal matters such as information necessary to respond to law enforcement and governmental agency requests (i.e., subpoenas); comply with legal and contractual obligations; exercise legal and contractual rights; and initiate or respond to legal claims. 
In certain instances, we may maintain and use information in a deidentified form. If we do so, we do not attempt to reidentify the information, except for the sole purpose of determining whether our deidentification processes satisfy the requirement under applicable law.
HOW DO WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION OF FRANCHISED OPERATORS?
Some personal information, such as Franchised Operators' contact information, may be disclosed to Employees, independent contractors, or agents of CFA and our affiliates with access to @CFA. Franchised Operators' personal information may also be collected by or disclosed to Customers, CFA Employees, data analytics providers, or other service providers. We disclose, and in the past 12 months have disclosed, all categories of personal information we collect about Franchised Operators, which may include your information, to our IT service providers, data analytics providers, travel agencies, and other third-party service providers so they can perform services on our behalf. In addition, we also disclose Franchised Operators' business contact information such as work email addresses, work phone numbers, and street addresses to our Employees, independent contractors, agents, Customers, suppliers and business partners so they can contact you and perform services for CFA.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain and process Franchised Operators' personal information for the length of time needed to carry out the purposes described in the Privacy Policy, and to the extent necessary to manage our relationships with Franchised Operators, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, consistent with our retention policy. 
WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE UNDER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY LAW?
California residents have certain rights related to personal information, including the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
California residents have certain rights related to personal information, including the right to request that we delete personal information collected from you. However, please note that we may deny your deletion request as permitted under applicable law because we maintain and use personal information of Franchised Operators only for the length of time needed to carry out the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 
California residents have certain rights related to personal information, including the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
You may request to exercise these rights by calling us toll-free at 1-800-232-2677; or
You may request to exercise these rights by completing our rights request form using the links below if you are a current Franchisee, please submit a request using this form.
You may request to exercise these rights by completing our rights request form using the links below if you are a former Franchisee, please submit a request using this form.
Please note that we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights as required by applicable law. We may require you to provide your name, work email address, mobile phone number, and last 4 digits of your Social Security Number to verify your identity in response to requests of the above type. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. When you submit a request to exercise your rights above, we will use the information you provide to process your request and to maintain a record of your request and our response, as permitted under applicable law.
HOW CAN YOUR AUTHORIZED AGENT EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS ON YOUR BEHALF?
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf here. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. We will require the agent to provide proof of that written permission. We may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request, even if you choose to use an agent, to the extent permitted by law. 
Non-Discrimination 
We may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above rights or any other rights, subject to the rights and the obligations under the California Consumer Privacy Act. For example, we may not retaliate against you for exercising your rights under applicable law.
WHAT IS OUR PRIVACY POLICY FOR CUSTOMERS?
We also respect your privacy as a CFA Customer. CFA's privacy policy that applies to Customers, prospective Customers and other third parties is located at: website_url_lnk
California Supplier and Contractor Privacy Policy 
California Supplier and Contractor Privacy Policy 
PRIVACY POLICY FOR CALIFORNIA SUPPLIERS & CONTRACTORS
LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 1, 2023
Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("we", "Company" or "CFA") is committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal information of our suppliers, vendors, contractors, contingent workers and other individuals who provide products or services ("you" or "Suppliers") within the context of our business transactions. We collect information about our Suppliers ("personal information") in connection with your provision of products and services to us, our affiliates and our franchisees, and for purposes as outlined in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). We do not sell or share, and in the past 12 months we have not sold or shared, personal information as defined under applicable law, including personal information of individuals we know to be under 16 years of age. 
If you are a contingent worker and have questions about this Privacy Policy or need access to this Privacy Policy in an alternative format for accessibility, please contact us by emailing TalentPrivacy@chick-fil-a.com; and for all other types of Suppliers, please contact us by emailing BusinessPrivacy@chick-fil-a.com. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in our personal information practices, and we will notify you of any such changes pursuant to applicable law. 
WHAT CATEGORIES OF SUPPLIER INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect, and within the past 12 months have collected, the following categories of personal information directly from Suppliers, through your devices used to access our online solutions, or from our employees and data analytics providers. In connection with your provision of products and services to us, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you: category. Examples. Collected
Identifiers.. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security Number, driver's license number, or other similar identifiers.. Yes 
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).. A name, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, bank account number or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.. Yes 
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.. Gender, or veteran or military status.. Yes 
Commercial information.. N/A. No 
Biometric information.. N/A. No 
Internet or other similar network activity.. Internet or other electronic network activity information on Chick-fil-A-issued devices, including but not limited to: IP address; online tracking ID; browsing history; search history; information about your interactions with an internet website or application; and preferences related to digital communication.. Yes 
Geolocation data.. N/A. No 
Sensory data.. Audio information like voicemails or meeting audio recordings; visual information, such as photographs; or other similar information.. Yes 
Professional or employment-related information.. Current or past job and work history, company name, job title, office locations, professional memberships, qualifications, and certifications; educational background and language capabilities; references, letters of recommendation and interview notes; areas of interest and work preferences; travel-related history and details (e.g., known traveler number); information necessary for reimbursement, including expense details; title/position, business unit/division, line or reporting manager, department/organization and region/location of office; work-related contact details, and technical skills; training records; emergency contact information; and work time.. Yes 
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U. S. C. Section 1232g, 34 C. F. R. Part 99)).. Education & training history, degrees, and languages; and educational performance.. Yes 
Inferences drawn from other personal information.. Profile reflecting a person's abilities and preferences.. Yes 
Sensitive Personal Information. Social Security Numbers, drivers' license number, state identification cards numbers, account usernames and passwords used in connection with your role as a Supplier, and financial information under certain circumstances. 
Please note we do not collect sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about our Suppliers.. Yes* 
To the extent we or our third-party service providers collect additional categories of information beyond those discussed above, additional notice will be provided, and we or our third-party service providers will ask for your consent before collecting such additional categories of personal information, as required by law. 
Personal information does not include information: excluded from the scope of personal information under applicable law, that is publicly available information or that is deidentified or aggregate information.
HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION OF SUPPLIERS?
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to perform due diligence when selecting new Suppliers. 
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to onboard new Suppliers, for training and development, to manage our relationships, and to foster a culture of care. 
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to receive products or services.
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to pay and reimburse Suppliers. 
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to manage our engagement with Suppliers.
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to protect individuals and the public, and customers, employees, independent contractors, agents, property, equipment, and confidential information of the Company or our affiliates; to monitor Suppliers' performance; and to enforce the Company's policies.
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to comply with applicable law.
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to help ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of Suppliers' personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes. 
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: for debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. 
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: for short-term, transient use, provided that a Supplier's personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about the Supplier or otherwise alter the Supplier's experience outside the current interaction with the business. 
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to undertake internal research for technological development and demonstration. 
Personal Information collected from or about Suppliers is used for the following business purposes: to undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned by, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by CFA, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned by, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by CFA.
While relatively uncommon, there may be occasions when we use personal information of Suppliers for other purposes permitted under applicable law, for example, when we are required to disclose information in connection with contractual or legal matters, such as information necessary to respond to law enforcement and governmental agency requests (i.e., subpoenas); comply with legal and contractual obligations; exercise legal and contractual rights; and initiate or respond to legal claims. 
In certain instances, we may maintain and use information in a deidentified form. If we do so, we do not attempt to reidentify the information, except for the sole purpose of determining whether our deidentification processes satisfy the requirement under applicable law.
WHAT CATEGORIES OF EMERGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT, AND HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION ABOUT OUR SUPPLIERS?
In certain circumstances, we may collect the following categories of personal information from Suppliers for the purposes described below: identifiers such as name and contact information; and
In certain circumstances, we may collect the following categories of personal information from Suppliers for the purposes described below: additional types of information described in California Civil Code § 1798.80(e) such as a Supplier's relationship with the emergency contact person.
We collect this information to contact a Supplier's designated emergency contact persons in the event of an emergency.
4. HOW DO WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION OF SUPPLIERS?
Some personal information, such as Suppliers' contact information, may be disclosed to employees, independent contractors, or agents of CFA and our affiliates. Suppliers' personal information may also be collected by or disclosed to customers, employees, or data analytics providers. We disclose, and in the past 12 months have disclosed, all categories of personal information we collect about Suppliers to our IT service providers and other third-party service providers so they can perform services on our behalf. In addition, we also disclose Suppliers' business contact information, such as work email addresses, work phone numbers, and street addresses to our employees, independent contractors, agents, customers, and other Suppliers so they can contact you and perform services for CFA.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain and process Supplier personal information for the length of time needed to carry out the purposes described in the Privacy Policy. We also retain Supplier personal information for related business purposes, and to the extent necessary to manage our relationships with Suppliers, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, consistent with our retention policy and as permitted by applicable law. 
6. WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE UNDER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY LAW?
California residents have certain rights related to personal information, including the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
California residents have certain rights related to personal information, including the right to request that we delete personal information collected from you. However, please note that we may deny your deletion request as permitted under applicable law because we maintain and use personal information of Suppliers only for the length of time needed to carry out the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
California residents have certain rights related to personal information, including the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you.
You may request to exercise these rights by for contingent workers, you can submit a request to exercise these rights by calling us toll-free at 1 (833) 907-3207; or 
You may request to exercise these rights by for contingent workers, you can submit a request to exercise these rights by completing our rights request form using this link.
Completing our rights request form using this link.
For all other Suppliers, you can submit a request to exercise these rights by: 
Calling us toll-free at 1 (866)-232-2040; or
Completing our rights request form using this link.
Please note that we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights as required by applicable law. We may require you to provide your name, company name, work email address used for that company, title at that company, and contact email address to verify your identity in response to exercising requests of the above type. If you are a contingent worker, we may require you to provide your name, email address you use in connection with your engagement with CFA, employment company name, phone number, CFA Manager or CFA Staff Contact to verify your identity in response to exercising requests of the above type. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. When you submit a request to exercise your rights above, we will use the information you provide to process your request and to maintain a record of your request and our response, as permitted under applicable law.
HOW CAN YOUR AUTHORIZED AGENT EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS ON YOUR BEHALF?
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Authorized agents for contingent workers can submit a request from here. Authorized agents for other Suppliers can submit a request from here. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. We will require the agent to provide proof of that written permission. We may require you to verify your own identity in response to a request, even if you choose to use an agent, to the extent permitted by law.
NON-DISCRIMINATION 
We may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above privacy rights or any other privacy rights, subject to the rights and the obligations under the California Consumer Privacy Act. For example, we may not retaliate against you for exercising your privacy rights under applicable law. 
WHAT IS OUR PRIVACY POLICY FOR CUSTOMERS?
We also respect your privacy as our Customers. CFA's privacy policy that applies to our Customers and prospective Customers is located at: website_url_lnk
Notice of Financial Incentives 
Notice of Financial Incentives 
This Notice of Financial Incentives is provided by Chick-fil-A and applies to the Chick-fil-A One loyalty program (the "Program"). We are providing this Notice of Financial Incentives because applicable law may require us to provide certain information about the Program and obtain your opt-in consent prior to entering you into the Program. 
We reserve the right to add financial incentives to this Notice of Financial Incentives and to terminate the Program at any time at our sole discretion. 
Chick-fil-A One Program Details 
Summary of the Incentives 
Your account receives points on qualifying purchases at eligible restaurants. Points are accumulated to get rewards that may be redeemed for discounts on future purchases. You may also be granted rewards for being a member, such as for your birthday, and receive access to insider content or personalized experiences. 
Material Terms 
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include identifiers (e.g., name, email address, password, physical address, phone number, date of birth and age).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include personal information described in Subdivision of Section 1798.80 (California customer records statute) (e.g., credit card number or other payment information).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include commercial Information (e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include internet/Network Activity (e.g., browsing history or search history on the Chick-fil-A website or app).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include geolocation Data (e.g., physical location or movements).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include sensory Data (e.g., electronic, visual, or similar information).
Consumers can view the Program's full Terms and Conditions. The categories of personal information collected include inferences from personal information collected (e.g., customer profiles such as shopping preferences). 
We may share this personal information with the categories of third parties listed in "How We Disclose Your Information." We do not disclose personal information collected in connection with the Program to data brokers. We may disclose substantially all categories of personal information above to our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. We may process and share this information for targeted advertising. 
How to Opt In to the Program 
Register for an account online at Chick-fil-A.com or on the Chick-fil-A App. 
Value of Consumer Data 
In our good faith calculation, we consider the value of consumer data collected through the Program as the equivalent of relevant expenses related to the collection and retention of consumers' personal information as part of the Program. The financial incentive we offer to consumers through the Program is reasonably related to the value of the consumer's data. 
Withdrawal from the Program 
You have the right to withdraw from the Program at any time. Please note, withdrawing from the Program will result in the loss of earned points, unredeemed rewards, and eligibility to participate in events and promotions, and will also limit your ability to utilize the full suite of features available in the Chick-fil-A One program because we will no longer be able to associate you with any points, rewards, or other events or promotions. You may withdraw by closing your Chick-fil-A One account via your profile within the Chick-fil-A App or website or calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). Please call Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040) if you have a remaining balance on your Chick-fil-A One account or associated gift cards as you may not be able to close your account within the Chick-fil-A One program.
Chick-fil-A Cookie and Interest-Based Advertising Policy 
Chick-fil-A Cookie and Interest-Based Advertising Policy 
Effective as of January 1, 2023
Chick-fil-A, Inc., its affiliates and related entities such as such as CFA Properties, Inc., CFA Servco, Inc., Chick-fil-A Canada ULC, and Chick-fil-A LLC (collectively, "Chick-fil-A," "our," "we," or "us") maintains website_url_lnk website_url_lnk and related Chick-fil-A online, emailing and mobile app services (our "Site"). This Cookie Policy describes what cookies are and the types of cookies we use on our Site. 
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf.
Do we use cookies on our Site?
Yes, like many websites, our Site uses cookies for a variety of purposes, for example, to enhance your online experience by remembering your log-in status and viewing preferences from a previous use of an online service, to honor your preferences and settings, to enable you to sign-in, to provide interest-based advertising, to combat fraud, to analyze how our products and services perform, and to fulfill other purposes described in our Privacy Policy. For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please see the section entitled "Information we Collect Automatically or from Others" in our Privacy Policy. 
What types of cookies do we use on our Site?
The Site may use cookies of the following categories: essential Cookies: Cookies necessary for system administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, to improve security or to enable basic features of the Site and services online. 
The Site may use cookies of the following categories: functionality Cookies: Cookies that enable us or third- party partners to provide certain functions of the website to you, like a video player. Please note that if you disable these cookies, we may not be able to provide all functions of our website to you.
The Site may use cookies of the following categories: analytics and Performance Cookies: Cookies used to assess the performance of the Site, including as part of our analytics practices to improve the content offered through the Site. 
The Site may use cookies of the following categories: targeting Cookies: Cookies used by us or by third-party advertising networks and content providers to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on the Site and third-party sites across your devices based on how you interact with our advertisements or content.
The Site may use cookies of the following categories: social Media Cookies: Cookies set by social media services that we have added to the Site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests.
What are your choices?
You may opt out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising by visiting our Cookie Preference Center, located in the footer of Chick-fil-A.com. Additionally, we process opt-out preference signals from Global Privacy Control ("GPC"). GPC is a browser-level technical specification that you can use to inform websites that you opt-out of sales or sharing of data for cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising. If you use GPC, our sites will treat the browser you use as opted-out from sales or sharing to the extent the sites engage in such processing. If you access our Site from another browser, you will need to install GPC on that browser. You may learn how to set up GPC by visiting website_url_lnk
How do our advertising and marketing partners use cookies for interest-based advertising? 
We may use third parties such as advertising networks and other content providers to serve targeted ads on our Site and on other websites like social media sites. This practice is referred to as interest-based advertising. These advertising networks and content providers may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to uniquely distinguish your web browser and report certain information about your visits to our Site and other websites (e.g., web pages you visit and your response to ads) in order to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and to deliver ads that are more relevant to you, both on and off the Site and across your devices, including on social media sites. This information may also be used to evaluate our online advertising campaigns. 
Some of these companies may combine information they collect from our Site with other information they have collected relating to your web browser's activities across their network of websites, where permitted. Please see examples of the opt-outs offered by our advertising partners below. 
How can I opt out from interest-based advertising? 
Some advertising networks we may use for these purposes may be members of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada ("DAAC") or the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). Please visit the websites below to learn more about interest-based advertising and to opt out of receiving personalized advertising or content from participating third-party advertising companies digital Advertising Alliance (for US residents) at website_url_lnk
Some advertising networks we may use for these purposes may be members of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada ("DAAC") or the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). Please visit the websites below to learn more about interest-based advertising and to opt out of receiving personalized advertising or content from participating third-party advertising companies digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (for Canadian residents) at website_url_lnk
Some advertising networks we may use for these purposes may be members of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada ("DAAC") or the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). Please visit the websites below to learn more about interest-based advertising and to opt out of receiving personalized advertising or content from participating third-party advertising companies network Advertising Initiative at website_url_lnk
Please note that if you opt out, you may still receive online advertising from us, but it will not be tailored to your interests based on online behavioral information about you. To successfully opt out, you must have cookies enabled in your web browser (see your browser's instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them). Your opt-out only applies to the web browser you use, so you must opt out of each web browser on each computer you use. Once you opt out, if you delete your browser's saved cookies, you will need to opt out again. 
To learn more about interest-based advertising in mobile apps and to opt out of this type of advertising by third-party advertising companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada's AppChoices tool, please download the version of AppChoices for your device at website_url_lnk
How do I disable or remove cookies from my browser?
You have the choice of whether to accept the use of cookies (except essential cookies). However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Site, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the Site. 
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at the following websites: google Chrome at <website_url_lnk 
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at the following websites: microsoft Internet Explorer at <website_url_lnk
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at the following websites: mozilla Firefox at <website_url_lnk
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at the following websites: safari at <website_url_lnk and/or
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at the following websites: all About Cookies at <website_url_lnk
Google provides you choices on how your information is collected by Google Analytics by offering you an Opt-out Browser Add-on which can be located at website_url_lnk 
What can I do if I have a question on Chick-fil-A's Cookie Policy?
If your questions are not answered online, please contact us using one of the applicable methods if you are a resident of the United States (excluding Puerto Rico), by visiting the website at <website_url_lnk or calling us at 1-866-232-2040. You may also contact us by emailing us at privacy@chick-fil-a.com.
If your questions are not answered online, please contact us using one of the applicable methods if you are a resident of Puerto Rico, by emailing us at privacy.puertorico@chick-fil-a.com.
If your questions are not answered online, please contact us using one of the applicable methods if you are a resident of Canada, by calling us at 1-866-232-4020 or emailing our Privacy Leader at privacy.canada@chick-fil-a.com.
Chick-fil-A Virtual Patent Marking 
Chick-fil-A Virtual Patent Marking 
The following products and associated methods are protected in the U. S. and elsewhere by patents held or licensed by CFA Properties, Inc. or affiliated companies. This website is provided to satisfy the virtual patent marking provisions of various jurisdictions including the virtual patent marking provisions of the America Invents Act and provide notice under 35 U. S. C. §287(a). The following list of products may not be all inclusive, and other products not listed here may be protected by one or more patents. 
Kitchen Charbroiling Equipment.
US Patent Nos. 8,573,117; 8,726,792; 8,997,634
Kitchen Frying Equipment.
US Publication No. 2021-0068591, Patent Pending
Delivery Equipment.
US Publication No. US 2019-0390906, Patent Pending 
US Publication No. US 2020-0120958, Patent Pending 
US Publication No. US 2021-0113029, Patent Pending 
PCT Publication No. WO 2022/137127, Patent Pending
POS Software.
US Patent No. 11,475,430
Play Technology.
US Publication No. 2021-0056376 
US Publication No. 2021-0056467 
US Publication No. 2021-0286474 
US Publication No. 2022/0327298 A1
Licensed Technology.
Mobile App: US Patent No. 10,102,184; 9,892,093; 9,886,421; 9,405,735; 8,522,127
Franchise Legal 
The Chick-fil-A Franchise System 
Franchise Legal Notices
The information contained in this website is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. It is for information purposes only. As explained below, any offer to sell a franchise by Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") will be made only after individuals have completed a Chick-fil-A Operator application and qualified to receive a Franchise Disclosure Document. Other qualifications will apply in determining whether you will be offered a Chick-fil-A franchise.
Through this website, you can submit to Chick-fil-A an Expression of Interest form for a Chick-fil-A franchise opportunity. If you submit an Expression of Interest form, Chick-fil-A will not be obligated to offer you a franchise opportunity. Rather, Chick-fil-A will review and evaluate the information you submit in your Expression of Interest to determine if you meet Chick-fil-A's preliminary criteria for Operator candidate consideration. If we decide that you meet our preliminary criteria for Operator candidate consideration, you may be given the opportunity to fill out a Chick-fil-A Operator Application. If you are invited to fill out an Operator Application, Chick-fil-A will send you an invitation electronically, which will include information that will allow you to access and submit the Operator Application on-line. Upon receipt of a completed Operator Application, Chick-fil-A reviews the applicant's candidacy further and determines what next steps are appropriate (i.e., continuation of the selection process or discontinuation of consideration). For those individuals who qualify, an offer to sell a franchise will only be made in conjunction with the delivery of a Chick-fil-A Franchise Disclosure Document.
There are approximately 22 countries and 15 U. S. states that regulate the offer and sale of franchises. These countries are Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada (provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Ontario, and Prince Edward Island), China, France, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Macau, Malaysia, Mexico, Romania, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Taiwan, Tunisia, the United States of America, and Vietnam. The U. S. states are California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. If you are a resident of one of these states or countries, are receiving this message in one of these states or countries, or intend to operate a franchise in any of these states or countries, we will not offer you a franchise unless and until we have complied with any applicable pre-sale registration and disclosure requirements in the applicable jurisdiction.
Supply Chain 
California Supply Chains Act 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 Disclosure
Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("CFA") is committed to legal compliance and ethical conduct for itself and expects the same of its vendors. Thus, CFA's policy is to only do business with vendors who have certified to CFA that their business practices are lawful, ethical and in compliance with the principles set forth in CFA's Vendor Code of Conduct, and CFA expects its vendors to take steps to ensure the same of their own supply chains. Specifically, CFA will not conduct business with vendors employing persons under the age of 14, or in/under prison, indentured or bonded labor, or slave labor; benefitting from human trafficking; using corporal punishment or other forms of mental and physical coercion as a form of discipline; or providing or supplying goods or services tainted by any of the foregoing practices.
In accordance with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, CFA makes the following disclosures: cFA requires its vendors to certify that their business practices are lawful, ethical and in compliance with the principles set forth in CFA's Vendor Code of Conduct (including those provisions relating to human trafficking and slavery), and that they take steps to ensure the same of their own supply chains. To ensure accountability, CFA reserves the right to terminate its business relationship with any vendor who fails to provide such certifications or whose business practices, or the business practices of its own suppliers and subcontractors, are not lawful, ethical and in compliance with the principles set forth in CFA's Vendor Code of Conduct. CFA also reserves the right to terminate its business relationship with vendors who fail to provide written confirmation to CFA that they have a program in place to monitor their suppliers and subcontractors for compliance with law, good ethics, and the principles set forth in CFA's Vendor Code of Conduct. CFA reserves the right to conduct verification and audits (including third-party verification and audits) of its suppliers regarding human trafficking and slavery. CFA has conducted general audits of certain of its suppliers, and has not observed violations with respect to human trafficking or slavery issues. CFA is currently considering whether and how to best use third-party supply chain verification and independent unannounced audits with its suppliers. CFA provides company employees and management who have direct responsibility for supply chain management with training on CFA's business practices, vendor requirements, and CFA's Vendor Code of Conduct, including those provisions relating to mitigating risks of human trafficking and slavery. Employees and management failing to meet CFA standards regarding slavery and trafficking are subject to disciplinary action.
Vintage Mall Augmented Reality Experience 
Terms of Use 
These Terms of Use ("Terms") govern your use of this game and its Content and create a legal and binding agreement between you and Chick-fil-A, Inc. ("Chick-fil-A") and its applicable affiliate entities, such as CFA Properties, Inc. ("Affiliates"). By accessing the game, you acknowledge you have read and agree these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you should not use the game. If you are dissatisfied with the game, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the game.
The game is intended solely for entertainment purposes and no prizes or points are awarded for game play. The game requires access to wi-fi and a compatible device with camera to enable game play. 
We may, in our sole discretion, restrict or discontinue access to and use of the game at any time, for any reason, and without prior notice or liability. 
BY ACCESSING THE GAME, YOU AGREE TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE WITH US ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION OR SMALL CLAIMS DISPUTE PROCEDURES AND YOU AGREE TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION SUIT.
Photosensitive Warning: A very small percentage of individuals may experience seizures when exposed to certain visual images, including light patterns or flashing lights that may appear in video games. Certain conditions may induce previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy. If you have a history of seizures or an epileptic condition, consult your physician prior to playing a video game. If you experience any of the following symptoms while playing a video or computer game -- dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions -- IMMEDIATELY discontinue use and consult your physician before resuming play.
Game Content. All content, features, and other materials available in the game, including, but not limited to, all text, graphics, audio and video clips, and computer programs (collectively, "Content") are owned by or licensed to Chick-fil-A (or its Affiliate) and protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights. You may access and use the game and Content solely for your own personal, noncommercial use. You may not copy, distribute, display, license, modify, create derivative works from, sell, or exploit, in whole or in part, the game or any Content. 
Chick-fil-A, Chick-fil-A Stylized, Chick-fil-A One, the C Logo, and other trademarks, service marks, and trade dress appearing on the game are the trademarks or service marks of CFA Properties, Inc. ("CFA Properties") or its third-party licensors in the United States and other countries. Chick-fil-A is a licensee of CFA Properties. Nothing contained on the game should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use the Content or our intellectual property, without our prior express written permission. 
Privacy. Chick-fil-A's Privacy Policy applies to use of the game and its terms are made a part of these Terms by this reference. By accessing and using the game, you agree to be bound by our Privacy Policy.
No Warranties. Chick-fil-A makes no representations or warranties regarding the game or Content. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE GAME OR CONTENT WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE USE OF THE GAME OR CONTENT, OR ANY RESULTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AS TO ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE GAME AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR ANY OF OUR affiliates, related entities, FRANCHISED OPERATORS, OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGE TO A DEVICE OR LOSS OF OR DATA) RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE GAME OR CONTENT, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.
We make no representation that the game or Content are appropriate or available for use at locations outside of the United States, and access from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If you access the game from locations outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, U. S. A., without regard to conflict of laws provisions or principles.
You agree to release and hold harmless Chick-fil-A, our Affiliates, related entities, franchised operators, and service providers, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against any and all injuries, claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses of any kind (including personal injury and property damage), regardless of the cause, that arise directly or indirectly out of or from your use of the game and any Content.
Dispute Resolution. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY. IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH CHICK-FIL-A AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF. THIS SECTION SHALL BE REFERRED TO AS THE "ARBITRATION AGREEMENT".
ARBITRATION. YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, OR THE BREACH THEREOF, INCLUDING ANY QUESTIONS OF ARBITRABILITY ("DISPUTE"), SHALL BE SETTLED BY ARBITRATION ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION ("AAA") IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS CONSUMER ARBITRATION RULES BY A SOLE ARBITRATOR. You and we each also agree that this Arbitration Agreement affects interstate commerce so that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law, not state law, apply and govern any questions regarding the enforceability of this dispute resolution provision, including all questions of arbitrability (despite the general choice of law provision set forth above). THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. THE ARBITRATOR MUST FOLLOW THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CAN AWARD THE SAME DAMAGES AND RELIEF AS A COURT (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES).
For any Dispute, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your claim by sending a written description of your claim to Chick-fil-A, Inc., ATTN: Legal Department, 5200 Buffington Rd., Atlanta, GA 30349. You and we each agree to negotiate your claim in good faith for a sixty-day period. You further agree that you may not commence any arbitration or court proceeding unless you and we are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive your claim description and you have made a good faith effort to resolve your claim directly with us during that time.
If we are unable to resolve your claim within 60 days despite those good faith efforts, then either you or we may start arbitration or small claims court proceedings. To begin arbitration, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to the following address: Chick-fil-A, Inc., ATTN: Legal Department, 5200 Buffington Rd, Atlanta, GA 30349 and to the AAA. The arbitration of all disputes will be administered by the AAA under its Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time the arbitration is commenced, except to the extent any of those rules conflict with our agreement in these Terms, in which case these Terms. The AAA rules are available at website_url_lnk If the claims asserted in any request or demand for arbitration could have been brought in small claims court, then either you or we may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before the arbitrator is appointed, by notifying the other party of that election in writing. Upon filing of the arbitration demand, we will pay or reimburse all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief and attorneys' fees.
WAIVER OF CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED ACTIONS ("CLASS ACTION WAIVER"). YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT YOU MAY ONLY BRING CLAIMS IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY ON YOUR OWN BEHALF, AND NOT IN ANY REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY CLASS OR PURPORTED CLASS, AND NO PROCEEDINGS COMMENCED HEREUNDER MAY BE JOINED WITH OR INCLUDE ANY OTHER PARTIES, OR CLAIMS BY OTHER PARTIES (WHETHER REPRESENTATIVE, MASS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION). Each party agrees that this limitation includes, but is not limited to, precluding each party from pursuing any claim for public injunctive relief, whether in arbitration or court. If we believe that any claim you have filed is inconsistent with this limitation, then you agree that we may seek an order from a court determining whether your claim is within the scope of this class action waiver.
If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that any part of this Dispute Resolution provision cannot be enforced, the rest of this Dispute Resolution provision will continue to apply; provided, however, that if the Class Action Waiver is declared to be unenforceable or invalid, this entire Dispute Resolution provision (other than this sentence) will not apply to that claim (but will still apply to any and all other claims that you or we may assert in that or any other action).
Contact Information. If you have any questions about the game or these Terms (including if you are having difficulty using the game with or without assistive technology), please contact us at chick-fil-A, Inc.
5200 Buffington Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30349
1-866-CFA-2040 or 1-866-232-2040
website_url_lnk
2023 CFA Properties, Inc. All rights reserved.
Accessibility 
Accessibility 
Chick-fil-A, Inc. is committed to ensuring that our website complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act. It is our goal to have a website that is accessible to everyone. We welcome any feedback on how to improve the site's accessibility for all users. If you experience trouble accessing any information on our website, please contact 866-232-2040 or website_url_lnk
Gift Cards 
Gift cards 
Chick-fil-A Gift Cards are not redeemable for cash except as required by applicable law due to compliance with Federal and State Laws regulating the issuance and sale of gift cards, and then only to the extent required by applicable law. 
After redeeming a gift card in a state that has a law requiring Chick-fil-A to provide cash back on remaining small gift card balances (listed below) and the applicable card balance threshold has been satisfied, you may obtain cash back in one of two ways: by requesting cash back at any participating Chick-fil-A Restaurant located in one of the states that has such a law, or by printing the Chick-fil-A Gift Card Cash Back Request Form and mailing the completed form and your Chick-fil-A Gift Card to the address provided on the form.
Here is a current list of states with gift card cash back requirements and threshold levels for each
California
For gift card balances of less than $10.00 
Colorado
For gift card balances of $5.00 or less 
Connecticut
For gift card balances of less than $3.00 
Hawaii
For gift card balances of less than $5.00 
Maine
For gift card balances of less than $5.00 
Massachusetts
For gift card balances of $5.00 or less for reloadable cards or 10% of original face value for non-reloadable cards 
Montana
For gift card balances of less than $5.00 
New Jersey
For gift card balances of less than $5.00 
New York
For gift card balances of $5.00 or less 
Oregon
For gift card used at least once and the remaining balance is less than $5.00 
Rhode Island
For gift card balances of less than $1.00 
Texas
For gift card balances of less than $2.50 
Vermont
For gift card balances of less than $1.00 
Washington
For gift card balances of less than $5.00 
We use cookies to enhance your experience when using our site. The cookies on this site are used to offer website functions to you, serve personalized content, tailor advertisements to your interests and analyze website usage. Our Cookies may collect and share information about your website use for these purposes. By continuing, you agree to our use of cookies. You can manage your cookie settings by clicking on "Cookie Preference Center" button or find out more from our Cookie Policy. (For even tastier, edible cookies, please visit the treats section of our Menu page.) Privacy Policy and California Privacy Notice.
Cookie Preference Center Reject Non-Essential Cookies Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Essential Cookies
Analytics and Performance Cookies
Functionality Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Your Opt-Out Preference
Your Privacy
When you visit our website, we and our advertising and analytics partners may store or retrieve cookies on your browsers to collect information. This information may relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is used, for example, to make the site work as you expect it to or enhance your user experience. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. 
You can learn more about how different cookies work and choose whether to allow certain types of cookies. Click on the different category headings below to find out more and change our default settings. Please note that your adjustments may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Cookies
Always Active
Cookies necessary for system administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, to improve security, or to enable basic features of the Site and services online. 
Cookies Details 
Analytics and Performance Cookies
Analytics and Performance Cookies
Cookies used to assess the performance of the Site, including as part of our analytics practices to improve the content offered through the Site.
Cookies Details 
Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies
Cookies that enable us or third party partners to provide certain functions of the website to you, like a video player. Please note that if you disable these cookies, we may not be able to provide all functions of our website to you.
Cookies Details 
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Cookies used by us or by third-party advertising networks and content providers to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on the Site and third-party sites across your devices based on how you interact with our advertisements or content.
Cookies Details 
Social Media Cookies
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details 
Your Opt-Out Preference
Your Opt-Out Preference
We use cookies to deliver personalized content, including cross-context behavioral ads and targeted ads, relevant to your interests based on your online activities. While we do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration, we do share your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising and targeted advertising. Please move the toggle to the left if you prefer to opt out of this sharing.
Cookies Details 
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent Leg. Interest
Switch Label label
Switch Label label
Switch Label label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Save Preferences
Reject Non-Essential Cookies Allow All
website_url_lnk