Welcome! Hm.com works best with JavaScript enabled, turn it on and enjoy the latest fashion! 
H&MH&MH&M Hennes & Mauritz
HM.com/
Customer Service/
Legal & Privacy/
Privacy Notice
Shopping at H&M
Shopping Online
Discounts & Offers 
Store Locator
Find in store
Scan & Find
Visual Search
Delivery
Payments
Returns
Download App
Transportation Restrictions
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Check Your Balance
Gift Card Terms & Conditions
Sizeguide
Women
Men
Baby & Kids
H&M HOME Size Guide
Products & Quality
Assembly Instructions
Quality
Product Care
Recalled Items
Product Sustainability
H&M Membership
Member
H&M Membership Terms & Conditions
Coronavirus
Information
Legal & Privacy
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms & Conditions
Ombudsman
Alternative Dispute Resolution
Terms & Conditions Customer Rate & Review
Terms & Conditions #HMxME
Gender Pay Gap Report
Modern Slavery Statement
Terms & Conditions H&M Live streaming Chat
Bug Bounty Program
Report a scam
Contact
Corporate Info
Career at H&M
H&M GROUP PRIVACY COMMITMENT
We are the H&M Group, the company affiliates of H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB and its brands; H&M, COS, Weekday, Monki, H&M HOME, & Other Stories, ARKET and Afound. When you shop with us or use one of our services, you trust us with your information. Protecting personal data and your privacy is of the greatest priority for the H&M Group.
It is important to us to give you clear and transparent information about the personal data we collect, why it is needed, how it is used and your rights over it. 
H&M Group personal data handling in brief
Who is responsible for processing your personal data? 
The H&M Group consists of different brands and legal entities and the company responsible for the processing of your personal data is dependent on the purpose for which it is collected. For each processing purpose you will be informed of the responsible company. It will be either the Swedish company H&M Hennes & Mauritz GBC AB, or one of our local affiliates. 
Why do we process your personal data? 
We use and process your personal data to be able to give you the best customer experience when visiting one of our websites or stores. We also process your personal data upon your request to be able to provide you with requested services, deliver your order or to support you through our customer service. 
What type of personal data do we process? 
Personal information is any kind of information that can be directly or indirectly attributed to you. Examples of personal data we process are name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment information and purchase order. We may also process usage history, IP address, member id and information you provide when contacting our customer service. 
Where do we process your data? 
Your personal data is generally stored within your country or a country of the EU/EEA but may also be transferred to and processed in a country outside this area. 
Who do we share your data with? 
If necessary, your personal data may be shared within the H&M Group companies, with suppliers, sub-contractors and independent third parties carrying out certain tasks on our behalf. 
What are your rights? 
You have the right to access, rectify, erase, and consult. In certain cases, you are also entitled to object to us using your data, or to transferring your data. If you have an account or are a member of a loyalty program, you can exercise your right to access, portability and rectification under your account pages, where you also can delete your account. 
Please read our full Privacy Notice to understand in depth how we handle your personal data and the rights you have over it. 
H&M Group Privacy Notice
SHOP
Women
Men
Divided
Baby
Kids
H&M HOME
Beauty
Sport
&Brands
CORPORATE INFO
Career at H&M
About H&M group
Sustainability H&M Group
Press
Investor Relations
Corporate Governance
HELP
Customer Service
My Account
Store Locator
Legal & Privacy
Contact
Gift Cards
Report a scam
Cookie Notice
Cookie settings
JOIN NOW
Become a member today and get 10% off your first purchase
READ MORE
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Pinterest
The content of this site is copyright-protected and is the property of H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB.
READ MORE
H&M
United Kingdom. £
Close Dialog
Become a member
Become a member, don't miss out on deals, offers, discounts and bonus vouchers.
Date of birth
H&M wants to give you a special treat on your birthday
Yes, email me offers, style updates, and special invites to sales and events. 
Wish your inbox was more stylish? No problem! Simply subscribe to our newsletter. Find out what's hot and happening in the world of fashion, beauty, and home decor. Plus, you'll get info on the latest membership rewards and events, straight to your inbox!
By clicking 'Become a member', I agree to the H&M Membership Terms and conditions.
To give you the full membership experience, we will process your personal data in accordance with the H&M's Privacy Notice.
Become a member
Before you start shopping
We use first- and third-party cookies including other tracking technologies from third party publishers to give you the full functionality of our website, to customize your user experience, perform analytics and deliver personalized advertising on our websites, apps and newsletters across internet and via social media platforms. For that purpose, we collect information about user, browsing patterns and device. 
By clicking "Accept all cookies", you accept this, and agree that we share this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. If you prefer, you can choose to continue with "Only required cookies". But keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver tailored content that you might like. 
If you want to learn more about cookies and why we use them, visit our Cookie Policy page anytime.
Accept all cookies Only required cookies
Cookie settings
We care about your privacy
Below you´ll find detailed information about each cookie category and the possibility to customize your settings. By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you accept all cookies, and agree that we share this information with third parties, such as our advertising partners. This may in some cases mean your data will be processed outside the EU/EEA. Cookies are stored only for as long as needed to fulfill their purpose. 
If you prefer, you can choose which cookie categories to accept or not. Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact how we can deliver and improve our services to you. When you're ready, click on 'Confirm My Choices' and remember, you can always change your mind later. 
If you want to learn more about cookies and why we use them, you can visit our Cookie Policy page anytime. Cookie Policy
Accept all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary to maintain our services and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you, such as creating an account or saving a wish-list for later. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but that can make some parts of the site not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic so we can collect insights like which pages are the most popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore, anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not be able to provide you with a tailored experience.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Marketing Cookies
Marketing Cookies
When you accept marketing cookies, you give us your consent to place cookies on your device to provide you with relevant content that fits your interests. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners or us, to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant content on our and third-party sites. To be able to deliver content that fits your interests, we will use your interactions together with personal information you have provided to us on our site. To present you with relevant content on third-party sites, we will share this information and a customer identifier such as an encrypted email-address or device id with third parties, such as advertising platforms and social networks. To make the content as interesting as possible for you, we may link this data across the different devices you use. If you choose not to accept marketing cookies, we will not place such cookies on your device, and you may experience less relevant content from us.
Only required cookies Confirm my choices
Back Button
Back
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Consent Leg. Interest
All Consent Allowed
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Only required cookies Confirm my choices