Skip to main content
Navigation visibility toggle
For you
Deliver with Just Eat
Log in
Help
Select your country
Select your country
Australia
België
Bulgaria
Canada
Canada (FR)
Danmark
Deutschland
España
France
Ireland
Israel
Italia
Luxembourg
Nederland
New Zealand
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Romania
Schweiz
Suisse
Switzerland
United Kingdom
HomePrivacy Statement for Customers
HomePrivacy Statement for Customers
Privacy Statement for Customers
This privacy statement ("Statement'') explains how Takeaway.com Group B. V. and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("JET", "we", "us" or "our") collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal data and applies to the processing of personal data of customers who make use of one of our platforms and products, including order website, app, platform and products, JET's platform, products and services for business ("JET for Business'') (collectively, the "Services") to place orders with a restaurant partner, grocery store, convenience store or other business partner ("Partners") which offers products or services for delivery via our Services.
We may use your personal data to provide delivery services for orders placed on the Partner's own website, application or ordering platform. In such circumstances, we will process data received from such Partners in accordance with this Statement. 
This Statement applies also to the processing of the personal data of all customers' assigned employees and users who make use of one of our JET for Business products and platform.
At JET we are committed to protecting the privacy of everyone in our community. 
What personal data we process and why 
Personal data, in this Statement also referred to as "your data", means any information or set of information from which we are able, directly or indirectly, to personally identify you, in particular by reference to an identifier, e.g. name and surname, email address, phone number, etc. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
Whenever you interact with JET via our Services we collect and process your personal data. JET may process your personal data for the following purposes: Ordering process
We process the personal data you provide to us when you place your order. This personal data is necessary to execute your order, confirm your order, and to assess your order, payment, and a possible refund. Your information (such as the items you add to your basket) allow us to process your order and send you an accurate bill. It also helps us and any Partner you order with contact you where necessary. Some Partners on our platform use our third party delivery companies which may use your information to provide you with status updates on the delivery of your order. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data in the ordering process: name
We process the personal data you provide to us when you place your order. This personal data is necessary to execute your order, confirm your order, and to assess your order, payment, and a possible refund. Your information (such as the items you add to your basket) allow us to process your order and send you an accurate bill. It also helps us and any Partner you order with contact you where necessary. Some Partners on our platform use our third party delivery companies which may use your information to provide you with status updates on the delivery of your order. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data in the ordering process: address data
We process the personal data you provide to us when you place your order. This personal data is necessary to execute your order, confirm your order, and to assess your order, payment, and a possible refund. Your information (such as the items you add to your basket) allow us to process your order and send you an accurate bill. It also helps us and any Partner you order with contact you where necessary. Some Partners on our platform use our third party delivery companies which may use your information to provide you with status updates on the delivery of your order. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data in the ordering process: contact data
We process the personal data you provide to us when you place your order. This personal data is necessary to execute your order, confirm your order, and to assess your order, payment, and a possible refund. Your information (such as the items you add to your basket) allow us to process your order and send you an accurate bill. It also helps us and any Partner you order with contact you where necessary. Some Partners on our platform use our third party delivery companies which may use your information to provide you with status updates on the delivery of your order. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data in the ordering process: order and transaction data
We process the personal data you provide to us when you place your order. This personal data is necessary to execute your order, confirm your order, and to assess your order, payment, and a possible refund. Your information (such as the items you add to your basket) allow us to process your order and send you an accurate bill. It also helps us and any Partner you order with contact you where necessary. Some Partners on our platform use our third party delivery companies which may use your information to provide you with status updates on the delivery of your order. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data in the ordering process: payment data
As part of our Services we may sell products that may reveal sensitive personal data, such as health-related information (allergies or dietary requirements), information about your religion (such as if you only eat halal food), information about your medical condition (e.g. drugs, medicines, medical devices, medicated creams, food supplements or herbal/homoeopathic products) or about your sexual orientation via our Partners. We will collect and process this data with your consent as part of your order.
We may engage in the sale and delivery of restricted products or Services. To comply with our legal obligations as may be imposed by the applicable laws we may implement verification procedures governing the sale and delivery of these products including your age and identity verification. For this purpose we may ask you to present a valid, government issued identification document and JET will not be obliged to perform and complete its Services if you do not cooperate for the required verification procedure.
Partner & courier reviews
After your order, you may be asked to provide a review with the Partner or courier and we may offer you the opportunity to submit a review of Partners and couriers. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law.
JET processes the personal data you provide when submitting a review. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us. We may process the following personal data when you post a Partner and courier review: name 
JET processes the personal data you provide when submitting a review. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us. We may process the following personal data when you post a Partner and courier review: contact data
JET processes the personal data you provide when submitting a review. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us. We may process the following personal data when you post a Partner and courier review: review
When your review is published, the review, and your first name, may be made available to couriers, Partners and the public.
Customer Services and Support
When you contact our customer services support, we will use the personal data you provide to answer your question or handle your complaint. We may collect personal data under call recordings to provide customer support, including to investigate and address user concerns and to monitor and improve our customer support responses and processes.
We may also collect your personal data if you submit us a notice in relation to presence of any suspected item in our Services which you may consider as ''illegal content'' as defined in the EU Regulation 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council (''Digital Services Act'') and also to provide you with an access to internal complaint handling system and to take required suspension measures and protection against misuse of our Services as required by the Digital Services Act. 
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: name
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: address data (if applicable)
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: contact data
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: order and transaction data
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: payment data (if applicable)
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: comments (if applicable) 
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: content of correspondences between you and customer services department
Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process the following personal data for customer service purposes: any other content that may be required for compliance with the Digital Services Act
Customer Accounts
If you interact with our Services you are given the opportunity to create an account with us either via our platforms or via using third-party social login portals (e.g. Apple, Google, Facebook Connect or other platforms) where privacy statement of the relevant third-party will also be applicable to you in addition to this Statement. If you do not wish to create an account with us, we also provide you with the option of proceeding with a guest account to complete your purchase with us. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. You can withdraw your consent and delete your account by contacting us. The withdrawal or deletion of your account may have negative consequences on your user experience. We may process the following personal data for customer account purposes: name
If you interact with our Services you are given the opportunity to create an account with us either via our platforms or via using third-party social login portals (e.g. Apple, Google, Facebook Connect or other platforms) where privacy statement of the relevant third-party will also be applicable to you in addition to this Statement. If you do not wish to create an account with us, we also provide you with the option of proceeding with a guest account to complete your purchase with us. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. You can withdraw your consent and delete your account by contacting us. The withdrawal or deletion of your account may have negative consequences on your user experience. We may process the following personal data for customer account purposes: address data
If you interact with our Services you are given the opportunity to create an account with us either via our platforms or via using third-party social login portals (e.g. Apple, Google, Facebook Connect or other platforms) where privacy statement of the relevant third-party will also be applicable to you in addition to this Statement. If you do not wish to create an account with us, we also provide you with the option of proceeding with a guest account to complete your purchase with us. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. You can withdraw your consent and delete your account by contacting us. The withdrawal or deletion of your account may have negative consequences on your user experience. We may process the following personal data for customer account purposes: contact data
If you interact with our Services you are given the opportunity to create an account with us either via our platforms or via using third-party social login portals (e.g. Apple, Google, Facebook Connect or other platforms) where privacy statement of the relevant third-party will also be applicable to you in addition to this Statement. If you do not wish to create an account with us, we also provide you with the option of proceeding with a guest account to complete your purchase with us. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. You can withdraw your consent and delete your account by contacting us. The withdrawal or deletion of your account may have negative consequences on your user experience. We may process the following personal data for customer account purposes: credentials (applicable for Just Eat for Business)
Loyalty programs (in applicable markets)
JET has several loyalty programs to provide you with offers and discounts. When you make use of one of our loyalty programs, we process your personal data to provide you with the discounts or offers as set out in the respective loyalty program. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. One of our loyalty programs is the loyalty shop, where you may claim offers from external partners. Some of the loyalty shop partners require your personal data for shipping purposes. We may process the following personal data processed for the loyalty shop and shipping of your order: name
JET has several loyalty programs to provide you with offers and discounts. When you make use of one of our loyalty programs, we process your personal data to provide you with the discounts or offers as set out in the respective loyalty program. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. One of our loyalty programs is the loyalty shop, where you may claim offers from external partners. Some of the loyalty shop partners require your personal data for shipping purposes. We may process the following personal data processed for the loyalty shop and shipping of your order: address data
JET has several loyalty programs to provide you with offers and discounts. When you make use of one of our loyalty programs, we process your personal data to provide you with the discounts or offers as set out in the respective loyalty program. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. One of our loyalty programs is the loyalty shop, where you may claim offers from external partners. Some of the loyalty shop partners require your personal data for shipping purposes. We may process the following personal data processed for the loyalty shop and shipping of your order: contact data
Customer research
To make sure that our Services are aligned with your preferences and to improve our Services and platforms, JET may approach you to conduct customer research; such as but not limited to, surveys. We only send you these types of communications with your prior consent unless this is not necessary according to the applicable law. Participation in the customer satisfaction surveys is completely voluntary. If you do not wish to receive these surveys you can unsubscribe from them in the messages itself. We may process the following personal data for research purposes: name
To make sure that our Services are aligned with your preferences and to improve our Services and platforms, JET may approach you to conduct customer research; such as but not limited to, surveys. We only send you these types of communications with your prior consent unless this is not necessary according to the applicable law. Participation in the customer satisfaction surveys is completely voluntary. If you do not wish to receive these surveys you can unsubscribe from them in the messages itself. We may process the following personal data for research purposes: contact data
To make sure that our Services are aligned with your preferences and to improve our Services and platforms, JET may approach you to conduct customer research; such as but not limited to, surveys. We only send you these types of communications with your prior consent unless this is not necessary according to the applicable law. Participation in the customer satisfaction surveys is completely voluntary. If you do not wish to receive these surveys you can unsubscribe from them in the messages itself. We may process the following personal data for research purposes: order and transaction data
To make sure that our Services are aligned with your preferences and to improve our Services and platforms, JET may approach you to conduct customer research; such as but not limited to, surveys. We only send you these types of communications with your prior consent unless this is not necessary according to the applicable law. Participation in the customer satisfaction surveys is completely voluntary. If you do not wish to receive these surveys you can unsubscribe from them in the messages itself. We may process the following personal data for research purposes: research input 
Marketing 
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: name
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: address data
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: contact data
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: order and transaction data
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: reviews (optional)
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: campaign data (optional)
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: deviceID
We also process your personal data to be able to send you marketing communications and notifications to administer, support, improve and develop our Services. Such messages may include the latest news, discounts, and updates about new Partners, and other communications that may be subject to direct marketing. We rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscribe link in the messages, in your account settings or by contacting us. We may process the following personal data for marketing purposes: cookie and Technology data
In order to enable us to personalise your user experience with JET and optimise our Services offered to you, we may use automated decision making and profiling for marketing purposes. Please refer to ''Automated Decision Making and Profiling'' section below for further information.
There may be cases where JET may process your personal data for promoting third-party offers, products and services. The legal basis for this processing of personal data is your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. Whenever you want to change your preferences with respect to receiving such communications, you can unsubscribe using the unsubscription link in the relevant messages or to opt-out of communications by SMS reply with "STOP" in accordance with applicable law. You may also decline marketing messaging sent by push notifications by refusing the relevant permission to our app in your phone or tablet settings, however this will also prevent you from receiving order updates via push.
Cookies
JET uses cookies or similar technologies for functional, analytical, and marketing purposes. Data processed for cookie purposes defer per purpose (functional, analytical or marketing) and depend on the preferences set by you. 
Please refer to our Cookie Statement for further information about our use of cookies and similar technologies. You can always change your cookie settings via our preferences center and your settings in the tool you use to browse. Please note that disabling cookies may deny you the ability to use some of the Services and features on the website or impair your user experience.
Fraud prevention
We also process personal data to prevent fraud and other forms of misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes: name
We also process personal data to prevent fraud and other forms of misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes: order and transaction data
We also process personal data to prevent fraud and other forms of misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes: payment data
We also process personal data to prevent fraud and other forms of misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes: device information
We also process personal data to prevent fraud and other forms of misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes: iP address
We also process personal data to prevent fraud and other forms of misuse on and via our Services. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We may process following personal data for fraud prevention purposes: browser information
Analytics
JET uses your personal data to be able to improve our website and our range of products and Services and to be able meet our reporting obligations towards third parties which may also include advertisers. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. We will make sure the reports do not contain any personal data so that the information cannot be traced back to you. 
Campaigns
JET may launch specific campaigns or contests in connection to its Services. Joining JET campaigns or contests is always on a voluntary basis. We may rely on your consent unless your consent is not necessary according to the applicable law. You can always withdraw your consent via the contact data provided to you within the campaign or by contacting us. 
We may process the following personal data for campaigning purposes: name
We may process the following personal data for campaigning purposes: contact data
We may process the following personal data for campaigning purposes: order and transaction data (optional)
We may process the following personal data for campaigning purposes: campaign data (optional)
JET for Business
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: name
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: address data
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: employment data (job role, department, contractual hours)
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: contact data
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: allowance data
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: order and transaction data
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: jET for Business card information
We process personal data if you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services, when using or interacting with JET for Business products and services, to issue and ship the JET for Business card, and to provide you with the digital allowance. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. The following personal data may be processed in connection with JET for Business: payment data
The JET for Business card is partnered with card issuing and card transaction services provider Adyen, which also qualifies as an independent data controller. The processing of some of the above personal data by Adyen is covered by the Adyen's privacy statement, which can be viewed here Adyen's privacy statement and we recommend you to read as this applies in addition to this Statement.
Additional purposes 
We will only use your personal data for the purposes described above. If we want to use the data for a different purpose, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Depending on the circumstance, we may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfil a contract with you, or to comply with law. 
How we collect your personal data
We acquire, process and retain your personal data, as well as personal data about devices you use to navigate to JET platforms (e.g. your computer, mobile or other means), which you provide to us by ordering, creating an account or otherwise by contacting us. 
We process personal data that you provide voluntarily, that we collect automatically and that we obtain from third party sources for the purposes outlined in this statement. 
Personal data that you provide voluntarily: We may receive personal data provided from you when you place your order, create an account with us or provide for your marketing preferences or customer reviews in connection to our Services.
Personal data that we collect automatically: With your prior consent or when permitted by applicable law, when you browse our platforms, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing activities and patterns. We use this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. These self-learning algorithms generate content that they use to personalise your user experience, selecting in particular those items that you are interested in, as well as to support the overall optimisation of our Services. For our cookie policy, please refer above for more information.
We may allow you to use social media sites to create your account or link your account to the relevant social media site. These social media sites may provide us with automatic access to certain personal data they hold about you (e.g. content viewed by you, content liked by you, and information regarding the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on). Where we receive such information, we may use this information to further personalise your experience with us in line with your marketing preferences.
Personal Data that we obtain from third-party sources: We may receive personal data from third party sources, including advertising networks and social media platforms such as Facebook or technical payment and delivery services providers which may be located outside EU for purposes such as to support procurement of our Services, to measure the performance of marketing campaigns for our Services; and better understand your preferences so that we can customise our marketing campaigns and Services accordingly. Where we may receive such personal data, we have checked that these third parties either have your consent to process the information or are otherwise legally permitted or required to share your personal data with us.
Age
Our Services are not intended for persons defined as underage by applicable local laws, nor do we intend to collect personal data of visitors who are under the defined legal age. However, we are unable to verify visitors' ages. We therefore advise parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's online activities, to prevent their personal data being collected without parental consent. If you feel that we have collected personal data of a minor without consent, please contact us. We will then proceed to erase this data.
Automated decision-making and profiling 
Automated decision-making takes place when an electronic system uses personal information to make a decision without human intervention. In the performance of the contract with you, and to the extent necessary to fulfil our obligations or where necessary to improve our platforms and Services for our legitimate interest, JET uses automated decision making and profiling. For example, JET uses your address data and location data to select available Partners in your local area. We also use automated decision-making in complying with our legal obligations to prevent money laundering, terrorism financing, and other criminal offences.
You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making, unless we have a lawful basis for doing so and we have notified you. If you want to object to this type of processing, you can contact us via our privacy form. We will then proceed to reassess the situation and provide you with more information about why and how such automated decision was made.
How long we keep your data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. 
Sharing your personal data with Partners 
If you order through our Services, JET may share your personal information (order, name, address, or contact data) with the Partner you selected so that the Partner can deliver your order and where necessary services, for instance to resolve your complaint. Partners may process your personal data to contact you if it is necessary to fulfil the contract with you.
You are a direct customer of the Partner, and therefore the Partner bears its own responsibility and obligations for the processing of your personal data. For questions about how the Partner handles your data, we suggest you contact the Partner directly.
Sharing your personal data in terms of JET for Business 
If you use your JET for Business allowance to pay for an order you placed via our Services or by using JET for Business card, JET shares personal data (such as email address and data about your order and allowance) with the person that grants you the allowance (which might be your employer, business partner etc.) for performing our contract with this person. Please note that the person that grants you the allowance has its own responsibility and obligation with respect to the processing and protection of your personal data. If you have any questions about how your personal data is used by this corporate entity, please contact them directly. The person that grants you the allowance also shares personal data with us to allow us and the JET for Business card service providers to provide services to you. 
Sharing your personal data with others
JET may work with other companies within the JET group and other third parties in order to carry out the processing described in this Statement and to comply with legal obligations. 
These group companies and third parties will process your personal data on behalf of us as data processors or as autonomous data controllers (or in a position as so defined or referred under applicable data protection law including concepts as the equivalent of controller or processor), and have access to your personal data for the purposes described in this Statement. We require group companies and third parties to protect your personal data in accordance with the standards set out in this Statement and we take appropriate measures pursuant to the applicable data protection law to guarantee the same level of protection and confidentiality. 
We may also share your data with other third parties where appropriate or required by applicable law or regulation (including a court order or legal authority request) or where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with legal obligations, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or to protect the vital interests of any person. Such third party controllers may include law enforcement agencies. 
We may also disclose your personal data to any company or prospective buyer of all or substantially all of our assets in connection with any sale or transfer of those assets.
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: jET's affiliates, subsidiaries and group companies of JET
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: software providers such as providers for software, hosting, application support, delivery, logistics, information security, etc
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: third parties who undertake various activities to promote, market or support our Services. This includes social media platforms like Facebook, offshore customer support agents, marketing service providers, eCRM partners who manage our marketing emails and push notifications, partners who send you text messages when your order is on its way, delivery companies who deliver your order to you.
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: implementation partners
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: merchants, payment and card service providers such as Adyen (for their privacy statement please see here) and marketing service providers
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: customer satisfaction survey firms and market research companies
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: loyalty shop partners 
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: professional consultants
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: law enforcement, governmental or regulatory authorities (including insurance companies, visa and tax authorities) 
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: prospective buyers
Your personal data may be shared with the following parties: any other third party provided that you have given your consent to the disclosure
Third-party websites 
Our website may include links to third-party websites. When accessing such third-party websites, please note that each of these websites has its own privacy statement. Although JET takes great care in selecting websites to link to, we cannot take responsibility for the way in which they handle your personal data.
Where your data gets sent 
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), Israel, Australia, New Zealand and Canada, please be aware that we may process and transfer your personal data outside of the EEA Israel, Australia, New Zealand and Canada. This may include transferring it to or accessing it from other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions that may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the your local- and data protection laws ("Non-Adequate Country"). Where we transfer personal data outside the EEA, Israel, Australia, New Zealand and Canada we will take into account any applicable statutory obligations relevant to personal data transfers, and in Non-Adequate Country, we will rely on appropriate safeguards, including EC approved standard contractual clauses or other lawful binding transfer mechanism pursuant to the applicable data protection law. 
Personal data rights, questions or complaints 
We inform you that, with regard to the personal data, you can exercise the rights provided for by applicable data protection laws, which may include: the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing, and to object to processing, the right to data portability, to withdraw your consent at any time (without prejudice to the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to the withdrawal) as well as to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority directly.
To exercise your rights please contact us.
We will do our best to address your request in time and free of charge, except where it would require an excessive and disproportionate effort. In certain cases, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Regarding requests related to processing or sharing of personal data related to JET Pay and JET Pay Card, please contact the person that grants you the JET Pay allowance (which might be your employer, business partner etc.). This is required because JET and the person that grants you the allowance have a separate responsibility with respect to the processing and protection of your personal data.
If you have any other questions or complaints about the processing of your personal data, we will be happy to contact you. We would also like to hear from you if you have tips or suggestions on how to improve our Statement.
Security 
JET takes personal data protection very seriously and we therefore take appropriate measures to protect your personal data against misuse, loss, unauthorised access, unwanted disclosure, and unauthorised alteration. If you feel that your personal data are not adequately protected or there are indications of misuse, please contact us on privacy form.
How to contact us 
The data controller of your personal data is the Just Eat entity present in the country where you use our Services, unless stated otherwise in this Statement.
If you need to contact us to make requests or if you have any questions and concerns about this Statement and our privacy practices and processing activities, please contact us via our privacy form
For Just Eat for Business (City Pantry Ltd.) here
For Menulog Pty Ltd. please contact here
For Just Eat UK please contact here 
For Takeaway.com Group B. V. here
Just Eat Takeaway.com Data Protection Officer, Takeaway.com Group B. V.
Piet Heinkade 61
1019 GM Amsterdam
Netherlands
Updates to this privacy Statement 
We may update this Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our privacy Statement, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Where required by applicable data protection law, we will obtain your consent to any material changes to this Statement.
For clarification, it should be noted that the use of the term "Partner" or any similar expression in this Statement does not imply or establish a partnership, employer-employee, or agency relationship of any kind between the mentioned party and JET.
We encourage you to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices. 
To the extent we have local language versions, the English version of this Statement shall prevail in case of conflicts between the different language versions.
This Statement may be updated and was last updated on 08.03.2023
Customer service
Contact us
Log in
Sign up
My account
Mobile apps
Redeem a Giftcard
Buy a Giftcard
Local Legends
Top cuisines
Chinese
Fish & Chips
Indian
Pizza
Italian
Kebabs
Sushi
Groceries
View all cuisines
Popular locations
London
Manchester
Birmingham
Leeds
Glasgow
View all locations
Top brands
McDonald's
KFC
Burger King
Domino's Pizza
Papa John's
Greggs
Subway
Starbucks
Costa Coffee
View all brands
Get to know us
About us
Restaurant sign up
Deliver with Just Eat
Careers
Sustainability
Just Eat for Business
Bug Bounty
Price promise
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Gender Pay Gap 2022
Gender Pay Gap 2019-2021
Ethics hotline
Download our apps
Feedback
Help us improve our website
Send feedback
Follow Us
Cookies 
We use required cookies (and similar technologies) to make our platform work. 
We'd also like to use optional cookies to help us improve our platform by collecting information on how you use it. 
For details about the cookies and technologies we use, see our cookies notice Opens in a new tab. Using this banner will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. 
Accept all cookies Accept only required cookies 