Privacy Policy. Khata Book
Date Updated: [30th May 2023]
This privacy policy ("Policy") explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of your information by ADJ Utility Apps Private Limited or any of its affiliates ("we" or "us" or "our"), which operates the website website_url_lnk ("Site"), "KhataBook App" (the "App") available on Google Play Store, iOS and other similar platforms and other services including but not limited to recording credit/payment, communicating dues/balances via the site and application, any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise (collectively the "Khata Book App Service"). This Policy forms part and parcel of the Terms of Use for the Khata Book App Services. Capitalized terms which have been used here but are undefined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the Terms of Use. Users (as defined hereinafter) are requested to read this Policy in conjunction with the Terms of Use.
The App/Site provides an online digital ledger book / record book wherein the Users, can record their ledger entries with their respective customers and also allows Users to generate a payment link which can be sent it to their respective customers and the customers could use the payment link and make the payment of the amount to the Users in settlement of their obligations towards the Users (collectively, "Services"). Please note that 'Services' would include any other future services we may provide or propose to provide.
As we update, improve and expand the Khata Book App Service, this Policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By accessing the Site, App or otherwise using the Khata Book App Services, you consent to the collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide (including any changes thereto as provided by you) for any of the services that we offer.
We respect the privacy of the users of the Khata Book App Services ("Users" or "you") and are committed to reasonably protect it in all respects. The information about the User as collected by us is: information supplied by Users and information automatically tracked while using a mobile device having Khata Book App Services enabled (collectively referred to as "Information"). By using Khata Book App Services, you agree to this Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not use / avail of the Khata Book App Services.
Information supplied by users
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include name, age, gender, user's photo, image, phone number, user id, payment info, address, contacts, and location.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we collect user credit score with the consent from the user.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we allow user's to text messages including the email subject line, sender, recipients, and the content of the email.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include app interactions where information about how the user interacts with the app. For example, the number of times they visit a page or sessions they tap on.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include information about how a user interacts with the app. For example, the number of time they visit a page or sections they tap on.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include installed apps, the information about the apps installed on the user's device.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include device or other IDs, Identifiers that relate to an individual device, browser or app.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include crash and Diagnosis, We collect crash log data from your app and the Information about the performance of your app for any technical diagnosis.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include uGC, Any other user-generated content not listed here, or in any other section.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include pAN card number, KYC related information such as videos or other online/ offline verification documents. Aadhaar information including Aadhaar number or Virtual ID for the purposes of e-KYC authentication with the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI).
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we collect information if you post a comment on our Platforms, websites or ask us a question through phone or email. We use tracking tools like Google Analytics, Google Webmaster, browser cookies and web beacons for collecting information about your usage of our Platform.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we use information to respond to your requests or questions. We might use your information to confirm your order or purchase or specification for your typical needs.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we use information to improve our products and services. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. This could include displaying content based upon your preferences.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we use information to look at Platform trends and customer interests. We may use your information to make our Platforms and products better. We maycombine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, or our Services.
To avail certain Services on the Khata Book App, Users are required to provide certain personal information for the registration process which may include we use information for marketing purposes. We might send you information about special promotions or offers. We might also tell you about new features or products. These might be our own offers or products.
The Information as supplied by the Users enables us to provide the Services and improve the Khata Book App Services and provide you the most user-friendly experience. In some cases / provision of certain services or utility(ies), we may require your contact address as well. Further, upon downloading the App, Users are requested to share access to their contact list (as stored on their mobile device on which the App is downloaded), so as to enable the User to share payment/credit updates with his customers (who might be or might not be Users). This contact list of the User is uploaded to website_url_lnk for the purposes of improving and enhancing the User experience of the App. In an attempt to improve our Services, we may, from time to time, collect any information (other than what is mentioned above) from Users through App / Site. You may be assured that we do not share this data with any third party except in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may access a user's inventory of installed apps and treat this data as personal or sensitive data subject to this Policy, secure transmission, and prominent disclosure requirements of User.
All Information is service dependent and we may use the Information to provide the Services, maintain, protect, and improve the Khata Book App Services, and for developing new services.
We may also use your email address and phone number without further consent for marketing, non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes, for customer service purposes, providing information about updates to Khata Book App Services, billing, etc.).
Any Information provided by you will not be considered as personal information if it is freely available and accessible in the public domain or is not deemed as personal information under the applicable law. Further, any reviews, comments, messages, blogs posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by Users on the public sections of the Site or an application store (like the App Store or Play Store) becomes published content and is not considered as personal information which is subject to this Policy.
In case you choose to decline to submit Information on the Khata Book App/Site, we may not be able to provide certain services on the App/Site to you. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the appropriate time. In any case, we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you due to not receiving necessaryInformation from you.
When you register with the Khata Book App Services, we may (at our discretion) contact you from time to time about updates of your Information.
Information automatically tracked while using the App or Site
Credit/Payment Records: We store all your credit/payment records in a cloud-based environment using the services of third party infrastructure service providers.
Customer Information: We store the contact information of your customers. We also keep a log of all the credit/payment related communication to the customers.
Demographic and Related Information: We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among others, to track the User behaviour on Site.
Log File Information: Our Servers automatically collect limited Information about your device's connection to the internet, including your IP address, when you visit our Site or use the App. We automatically receive and log Information from the App and your browser including but not limited to IP address, your device or computer's name, and your operating system, We may also collect log Information from your device, including but not limited to your location, IP address, your device's name, device's serial number or unique identification number (e.g. UDID on your iOS device, Android ID or ADID on your Android Device), your device operating system, browser type and version, CPU speed, and connection speed etc.
Cookies: To improve the responsiveness of the Site for our Users, we may use "cookies", or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as a User Identification (User ID) to understand the User's individual interests using the identified computer. By continuing to visit the App/Site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this Policy. If you prefer not to receive cookies or web beacons, then you should stop using Services, or consult your browsing and third party cookie settings. We use cookies and other technologies for analysing and optimising our websites as well as for marketing purposes. Our partners may also assign their own cookies to your browser, a process that we do not control.
Link to third party sites/ad-servers
The Site may include links to other websites such as advertisers, blogs, content sponsorships, vendor services, social networks, etc. Such websites are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting and we make no representation or warranty on how your information is stored or used on third-party servers. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the website's homepage, you should contact the website directly for more information.
Information sharing
The Information (including personal information) collected may be shared with our affiliates, and group companies to the extent required for our internal business and administrative purposes and general corporate operations and to any third party service providers including marketing partners, and the User hereby consents to the same.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect your personal information and are also subject to appropriate confidentiality/non-disclosure obligations and they comply with the applicable provisions of the data protection laws. 
These entities, with whom we share the Information, may market to you as a result of such sharing unless you explicitly opt-out. 
The User explicitly consents that we may have access to your contacts in your directory, location and device information and we may request you to provide your PAN and Know-Your-Customer details to check your eligibility for certain products/services including but not limited to credit and payment products, etc., to enhance your experience and provide you access to the services being offered by us, our affiliates or other third party service providers (including lenders).
Further, the User also consents to sharing of Information (including sensitive personal information) when it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offenses.
These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing the Terms of Use or for complying with the applicablelaws and regulations.
No personal information of an individual User such as name, phone number, address, email address, user id spends data, card details and other info (DOB, gender identity, veteran status) etc. would be shared with any other User and third party unless explicitly approved by the concerned individual User himself/herself. 
We share the crash logs and diagnostics data to Playstore/appstore to improve the user experience.
We may also present information related to credit records, User spends, User payment info, credit score (with user consent), app interactions, in-app search history, patterns and User data tracked by us only in the form of aggregated statistics on data such as overall app usage by date, time, balances, etc. within our App/Site or to our partners.
By using the Khata Book App Services and providing information to us, Users agree and consent to the disclosure, transfer, storage, and processing of the personal information (including the sensitive personal information) by us in India and / or in other countries to its affiliates, group companies and third parties. While our primary motive is to protect the disclosure of personal information (except in accordance with the provisions of this Policy) of Users, Users may note that countries where their Information may be stored, may not have data protection laws similar to the countries where they are located.
Collection of financial sms information
We don't collect, read or store your personal SMS from your inbox. We collect and monitor only financial SMS sent by 6-digit alphanumeric senders from your inbox which helps us in identifying the various bank accounts that you may be holding, cash flow patterns, description and amount of the transactions undertaken by you as a user to help us perform acredit risk assessment which enables us to determine your risk profile and to provide you with the appropriate credit analysis. This process will enable you to take financial facilities from the regulated financial entities available on the Platform. This Financial SMS data also includes your historical data.
Accessing and updating personal information
When Users use the Site (or any of its sub sites) / App, we make good faith efforts to provide Users, as and when requested by Users, with access to their Information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or other Information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible, subject to any requirement for such personal Information or sensitive personal data or Information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual Users to identify themselves and the Information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning Information residing on backup tapes), or for which access isnot otherwise required. In any case, where we provide Information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your Information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backupsystems.
Compliance with Playstore Lending App Guidelines
We, at Khatabook, assure you that our lending activities involving the facilitation of loans through NBFCs (Non-Banking Financial Companies), adhere to the guidelines set by the Playstore. We are committed to maintaining the privacy and security of your personal information while ensuring a seamless lending experience.
Prohibition of Access to Sensitive Data: As a responsible financial service provider, we strictly prohibit access to sensitive data, such as photos and contacts, from our users during lending activities. We understand the importance of safeguarding your personal information and prioritizing your privacy.
Restricted Permissions: In line with our commitment to protecting your privacy, the following permissions are explicitly prohibited while using our lending services:
Read_external_storage: We do not request or require access to your external storage, ensuring that your personal files and data remain private and inaccessible to us.
Read_media_images: We do not require permission to access your media images, ensuring that your photos and multimedia content is not accessible to us during the lending activities.
Read_contacts: We strictly adhere to the principle of data minimization and do not access your contact information. Rest assured that your contacts remain confidential and are not used for any lending-related activities.
Access_fine_location: We do not seek access to your precise location data. We respect your location privacy and only collect location information if explicitly required for legitimate purposes, such as determining eligibility for certain loan products.
Read_phone_numbers: We do not request or access your phone numbers. Your phone number remains confidential and is not utilized as a part of our lending activities.
Read_media_videos: We do not require permission to access your media videos. Your videos and multimedia content are not accessed or utilized by us during the lending activities.
Lending Partners: Khatabook acts as a facilitator or lead generator for loans through NBFCs, which are our trusted lending partners. While we work closely with these partners to provide you with loan opportunities, we want to emphasize that we do not have access to your sensitive data, as outlined above. Any data shared with our lending partners is subject to their respective privacy policies and is handled as per the applicable laws and regulations.
Information storage and backup
From time to time, we take backup of your data on Khata Book App on our cloud database. This is done for the purpose of enabling Users to get their data back in case their phone's data becomes unusable, or phone gets lost, or the User moves to a new phone device. We also use this backup to provide useful insights and information related to their spends such as weekly spends in a month, insights related to spend behaviour, etc., and to provide information related to User spends, patterns and User data in the form of aggregated and anonymized statistics on data such as User spends by category, date, time, bank balances, etc.
We shall keep User's Information in our records till the period of time where we can potentially offer the Khata Book App Services to the Users. After such period of time where Khata Book App Services are no longer relevant to a User, we remove all the Information pertaining to a particular User from our records. 
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of data including accidental or intentionalmanipulation, loss from access by unauthorised parties. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. All Information gathered on the Khata Book App is securely stored within the controlled database. Access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited.
Our security measures are regularly reviewed and updated to reflect technological developments. Regardless of where your personal information is transferred or stored, we take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that personal information is kept secure, however, please understand that no transmission of data over the internet or any other public networkcan be guaranteed to be 100% (one hundred percent) secure. 
We seek to ensure compliance with the requirements of the applicable data protection laws to ensure the protection and preservation of the User's privacy and personal Information. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with the laws prevalent in specific jurisdiction to protect User's Personal Information. By accepting the terms of this Policy, you agree that the standards and practices being implemented by us, are reasonable and sufficient for the protection of your personal information.
We will contact you regarding any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored Personal Information to you via email or any other feasible manner in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with the legitimate needs of law enforcement and will undertake all measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
Purpose of Data Processing
We will only collect and process Personal Information about you where we have lawful basis to do so. Our primary purpose in collecting your information, including PersonalInformation from you is to deliver the personalized Khatabook and its various features. Please note that should you choose to not provide us consent to collect your information, including Personal Information, we may not be able to perform the contract with you. Where we refer to 'perform the contract' we mean the Terms of Use applicable to your use of the Khatabook Service, which means that you may either not be able to access certain features of the Khatabook Service or we may not be able to provide you the Khatabook Service in entirety.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to register you on our Platform
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to provide you with customer or technical support including addressing support queries related to, but not limited to, payment processing, or to diagnose any problems with our servers etc.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to send you transactional emails/SMS or to provide you with information, direct marketing, online and offline advertising and other materials regarding products, services and other offers from time to time in connection with the Khatabook Service or its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies ("Platform Entities") and its joint ventures.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to determine your geographic location, to provide you localized content including advertisements, personalized recommendations, allow you to continue watching/using previous content at another time, and to determine your Internet service provider to troubleshoot a technical issue, and help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to to provide you with a personalised service and experience; we do this by linking some or all of your Personal Information such as transactions donewith Khatabook with your activity on our Platform across all your devices and associating and storing this information with a unique platform generated identifier that is generated for each user (guest as well as registered user). When a guest user subsequently registers and creates an account, the information and data relating to such user's past activities gets added to and associated to the registered account.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to in other contexts, if the processing of your Personal Information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, we use your Personal Information where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms (for example, our direct marketing activities in accordance with your preferences) such as to:Display or target advertisements on the Platform based on your registration or profile information, location and your activity on the Platform across all your streaming devices (including inferred information through usage and log data) which is associated with your device advertising identifier (IDFA, GAID etc), this is typically referred to as 'interest-based advertising'. We also display contextual advertisements on the Platform but these are not targeted to any particular user and does not make use of any information that personally identifies you or precisely locates you (contextual advertising is advertising which we target based on the content being viewed, for example if you are watching a particular sporting event we may serve adverts of companies or products related to that particular sport or the age-group most likely to be watching).
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to research, analyze and understand our audience and what content and advertising they may view, watch or otherwise engage with, in order to improve our service (including our user interface experiences and security features); evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers, products or services and market such products or services to you; to perform analytics and conduct customer research, including general market research or surveying our customers' needs and opinions on specific issues, generating sales and traffic patterns, and to analyze advertising effectiveness, both on an anonymous basis (e.g., by aggregating data) or on an individual basis (if legally permissible), in combination with other information collected from tracking technologies and aggregate it with information collected from other Users using our Platform, to attempt to provide you with the Services and a better experience on the Platform. For example, one of the ways we use this information is to count the number of times an advert or other content is viewed because this might be the metric by which our advertisers pay us. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to allow you to participate in interactive features such as Game play events on the Platform, providing you with relevant gameplay experience, determining and declaring winners and providing you with prizes.
For example, we use your information where we need the Personal Information to perform the contract with you (for example, to provide the Platform or our services to you) so as to analyze and measure how effective our advertising is by determining which media sources should be paid for delivering a desired action e.g. users who install our application or subscribe (also known as 'attribution'), so that we pay for demonstrated value and don't overspend.
We will use your Personal Information with your explicit consent as follows when you agree to share your precise location based on GPS data, we will combine this information with other information that you provide to us on the Khatabook Service to provide personalised content and advertisements with better accuracy basis your geographic location e.g. you may see more regional content recommendations or advertisements for local establishments, when you share your precise location based on GPS data.
We will use your Personal Information with your explicit consent as follows when you agree to share information pertaining to the applications frequently used by you on your device, we will combine this information with other information that you provide to us on the Khatabook Service, to display advertisements that are more relevant to your interest areas
Or otherwise whenever the law requires us to get your permission or where we have stated we may seek your permission in this Privacy Notice. In some contexts, we use your Personal Information where we have a legal obligation to do so or to protect your vital interests or those of another person prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and enforcing our terms (such as determining free trial eligibility).
Or otherwise whenever the law requires us to get your permission or where we have stated we may seek your permission in this Privacy Notice. In some contexts, we use your Personal Information where we have a legal obligation to do so or to protect your vital interests or those of another person confirming your identity if you are exercising legal rights.
Or otherwise whenever the law requires us to get your permission or where we have stated we may seek your permission in this Privacy Notice. In some contexts, we use your Personal Information where we have a legal obligation to do so or to protect your vital interests or those of another person notify you about changes in the Terms of Use or in this Privacy Notice.
Or otherwise whenever the law requires us to get your permission or where we have stated we may seek your permission in this Privacy Notice. In some contexts, we use your Personal Information where we have a legal obligation to do so or to protect your vital interests or those of another person carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us/our distributor.
When you access or use the Services or send any data, query, request or communication to us via our Support email, you understand that you are communicating with uselectronically, and that we may respond via electronic means from us, such as by email.
Link to third-party SDK
The App has a link to a registered third party SDK which collects data on our behalf and data is stored to a secured server to perform a credit risk assessment. We ensure that our third-party service provider takes extensive security measures in order to protect your personal information against loss, misuse or alteration of the data. Our third-party serviceprovider employs separation of environments and segregation of duties and has strict role-based access control on a documented, authorized, need- to-use basis. The stored data is protected and stored by application-level encryption. They enforce key management services to limit access to data. Furthermore, our registered third party service provider provides hosting security, they use industry- leading anti-virus, anti-malware, intrusion prevention systems, intrusion detection systems, file integrity monitoring, and application control solutions.
Revocation of consent
A User can revoke his consent to the processing of his personal information at any time with effect for the future. Please note that withdrawing consent does not affect our right to continue to collect, use and disclose personal information where such collection, use and disclosure without consent is permitted or required under applicable laws.
Responsible organization for the data collection
All the Khatabook App Services are currently provided and regulated by ADJ Utility Apps Private Limited and therefore ADJ Utility Apps Private Limited is responsible for the collection, storage and processing of personal information of the Users.
Updates/Changes
We may alter our Policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology, applicable law or any other variant. In any case, we reserve the right to change (at any point of time) the terms of this Policy or the Terms of Use. Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice, which we may give by posting the new policy on the Site. Your use of the Khata Book App Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail. In any case, you are advised to review this Policy periodically on the Site to ensure that you are aware of the latest version.
Questions/Grievance Redressal
In the event you have any grievance relating to the processing of Information provided by you, you may contact our Grievance Officer at feedback@khatabook.in or write to us at the following address: khataBook Office
1203, 22nd Cross Rd,
Sector 3, HSR Layout,
Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102
Disclaimer
In case any personal information is shared by you with us, which is not requested by us during registration, (whether mandatory or optional), we will not be liable for any information security breach or disclosure in relation to such information. If you have any questions regarding this Policy or the protection of your personal information, please contact our data protection officer/grievance officer.