Home>
LightInTheBox.com>
Rewards And Credit Program
Report Something Suspicious
Imprint
Supply Chain Code of Conduct
CA Supply Chain Statement
Intellectual Property Policy
About us
Our Guarantee
Accessibility
Community Guidelines
Cookie Notice
Right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your information
Affiliate Program FAQ
Affiliate Program
Cancellation Policy
Return Policy
App Download
Sample Withdrawal Form
TERM OF USE
Privacy Policy >
Rewards And Credit Program 
Report Something Suspicious 
Imprint 
Supply Chain Code of Conduct 
CA Supply Chain Statement 
Intellectual Property Policy 
About us 
Our Guarantee 
Accessibility 
Community Guidelines 
Cookie Notice 
Right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your information 
Affiliate Program FAQ 
Affiliate Program 
Privacy Policy 
Cancellation Policy 
Return Policy 
App Download 
Sample Withdrawal Form 
TERM OF USE 
Updated on August 28, 2023
Privacy Policy
LightInTheBox Limited (registration number 1141168), located at 51 Tai Seng Avenue, #05-02B/C, Pixel Red, Singapore 533941 (hereinafter as "LightInTheBox" or "we" or "us" or "our"), is committed to protecting your privacy.
We, LightInTheBox know you care how information about you is used and shared. We respect your privacy and take your online safety seriously. In order to provide you with the products and services, we collect and process your essential personal data at minimum scale from the LightInTheBox website, services, online stores, and applications. When you use any of our Services (as defined below) you are consenting to the practices described in the Privacy Policy. Mostly, we will communicate with you electronically in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text, in-app push notices or by posting e-mail messages or communications on the website or through the other services and electronic communication. For contractual purposes, you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing, unless mandatory applicable laws specifically require a different form of communication.
Thank you for accessing the website, mobile applications and other software of LightInTheBox (collectively, the "Service"). We respect your privacy and want you to know about the Privacy Policy taken to protect your personal information.
If you want to delete your account on lightinthebox website, please visit here: website_url_lnk there is any problem occurred during the deletion, you may also find the contacting email in the above link.
This Policy includes 1. What Personal Information About You Does LightInTheBox Collect?
This Policy includes 2. For What Purposes Does LightIntheBox Use Your Personal Information?
This Policy includes 3. How DO LightInTheBox Collect Your Personal Information?
This Policy includes 4. How Are Cookies And Other Technologies Used To Collect Information?
This Policy includes 5. Does LightInTheBox Share Your Personal Information?
This Policy includes 6. How Does LightInTheBox Secure Personal Information?
This Policy includes 7. What Is The Arrangement Of Advertising And Promotion?
This Policy includes 8. What Information Can YouAccess?
This Policy includes 9. What Choices Do You Have Regarding LightInTheBox Collection Of Your Information?
This Policy includes 10. How Long Do LightInTheBox Keep Your Personal Information?
This Policy includes 11. Users From The European Union?
This Policy includes 12. Users From California?
This Policy includes 13. Users From Nevada?
This Policy includes 14. Are Children Allowed To Use LightInTheBox Service?
This Policy includes 15. Term of Use, Policies, And Revisions
What Personal Information about You does LightInTheBox Collect?
LightInTheBox Limited (registration number 1141168), located at Room 705-706, 7/F., China Insurance Group Building, No. 141 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong (hereinafter as "LightInTheBox" or "we" or "us" or "our"), is committed to protecting your privacy.
Here are the types of information we collect information You Give Us. We receive and store most information you provide in relation to LightInTheBox. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Service.
Here are the types of information we collect automatic Information. We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Service, including information about your interaction with content and services available through LightInTheBox. Like many websites, we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Lightinthebox and other content served by or on behalf of Lightinthebox on other websites. Click here to see examples of what we collect and our Cookie Notice.
Here are the types of information we collect information from Other Sources. We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we will contribute to correcting our records and delivering your next purchase. Click here to see additional examples of the information we receive.
II. For What Purposes Does LightInTheBox Use Your Personal Information?
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve LightInTheBox. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Lightinthebox Services.
Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with LightInTheBox.
Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services.
Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from customer information regarding custom clearance at the time of return.
Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to LightInTheBoxvia different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat, or message).
Advertising. We use your personal information to display personalized ads for features, products, and services that might be suitable for you.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Lightinthebox, and others.
Sharing and service perfection. The public contents your contributions to the Service are intended for public consumption and are therefore viewable by the public, including your photos, ratings, reviews, tips, lists, compliments, as is some of your other activity through the Service, like how you would like to know other people contributions (e.g., useful, helpful, or not helpful). The term of public consumption includes disclosure, authorization to share by LITB Official Account.
III. How DO LightInTheBox Collect Your Personal Information?
We may collect your personal information in a direct or an indirect manner to better serve you. In most events, we direct collect information from you registration and Ordering. In order to supply you with products, you provide us your personal information at the stage of an online registration, including but not limited to, your name, gender, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and financial information, like your credit card number. In addition, we may ask for your country of residence and your organization's country of operation, so that we can comply with applicable laws and regulations. This information is used for billing, order processing as well as to communicate with you about your order and our Site.
Payment. We may collect your personal information via a format provided by payment service, including but not limited to your card number, card type, card verification value, your billing address, your name, your email address and your phone number. Notwithstanding the collection, we do not retain any information provided through payment. Generally, the payment services you choose to finalize the orders maintain and reserve this information.
Delivery. Your receiving address, recipient and associated phone number are used to deliver goods in an order you placed. You are required to provide us with this minimum information in order to make a prompt and accurate delivery.
Product Reviews. We inquiry you with an email address and location to submit product reviews. Your email address will be kept in private, but your location will be visible to other users. All other personal information that you choose to submit as part of the review will be available to other visitors to the Site.
IV. How Are Cookies And Other Similar Tracking Technologies Used To collect Information?
We may use cookies or other similar tracking technology (collectively "Cookies") to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Website. Cookies are small and simple text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit our platform. 'Similar technologies' falling under the generic term 'cookies' also include local objects (sometimes called flash cookies), web beacons, pixels, browser fingerprinting technologies or any technology that stores or accesses information on the user's device. To enable us to provide service to you, it is essential for us to recognize your browser or device. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add products to your shopping cart, proceed to checkout or use any of our Services that require you to sign in. Please see details in Cookie Notice.
If you do not want to store cookies on your computer you can adjust your browser settings. You can also adjust your settings to the extent that your browser refuses all cookies or only those from third parties. You can delete cookies that have been placed. You will have to adjust the settings for each browser and computer you use. How to adjust these settings differs per browser. Click on one of the below icons to proceed directly to the manual of your browser or, if necessary, consult your browser's help function.
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
We use Google Analytics, an internet analytics service provided by Google ("Google") on our platform. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit: website_url_lnk website_url_lnk 
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics, available at: website_url_lnk Not Track. Some Internet browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari, include the ability to transmit "Do Not Track" or "DNT" signals. Since uniform standards for "DNT" signals have not been adopted, our Site does not currently process or respond to "DNT" signals.
Does LightInTheBox Share Your Personal Information?
We sell merchandise, not information, We do not sell, rent, trade, or license your personal or financial information. We will only disclose your personal or financial information in the following specific situations: third-party service providers: Like most online retailers, we sometimes use third-party service providers to perform specific functions on our behalf. Any information or data disclosed to them is to guarantee the full performance of the contract concluded. For example, the delivery service requires your basic information of your name, shipping address, and phone number so that the vendor like DHL, USPS, UPS or any other national postal service can fulfill the duty of custom clearance and delivery. Also, to improve your experiences, we may use your information in a minimized scale to monitor the quality of the third party's service. In course of payment, information that payment business or financial service may need is collected by affiliates of LightInTheBox. However, neither the affiliates nor the LightInTheBox do process this payment information collected from us. For instance, LITB Netherlands B. V., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Light In The Box Limited (Reg. No. 1141168). The terms in this Privacy Policy is also applicable to LITB Netherlands B. V. in charge of all the relevant issues relating to the payment of EU customer. Click here to see more examples. 
We sell merchandise, not information, We do not sell, rent, trade, or license your personal or financial information. We will only disclose your personal or financial information in the following specific situations: non-personally identifiable information: We may share information that does not identify you or any user, such as the number of daily visitors to a particular page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date, with third parties such as advertising partners. For another example, pseudonymization is applied in the [*] column, displaying our product pictures without disclosing your identity. 
We sell merchandise, not information, We do not sell, rent, trade, or license your personal or financial information. We will only disclose your personal or financial information in the following specific situations: merger and sale of assets: We do not trade any personal information to other companies in common place. However, it is necessary for us to develop our business to acquire, merge with or be acquired or merged by another company, inevitably, along with the effect of customer information transfer, in part or in whole, as business assets, notwithstanding, subject to the premised of prexisting the Privacy Notice in effect.
We sell merchandise, not information, We do not sell, rent, trade, or license your personal or financial information. We will only disclose your personal or financial information in the following specific situations: protection of LightInThebox and Others:We release account and other personal information as is required by the law toprotect ourselves, our customers or others; enforce or apply our Term of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of LightInTheBox, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies, entities, institutions, organizations or government authorities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Also, LightInTheBox and our processor reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
We may update the personal information and purposes for sharing other reasons we may describe to you from time to time, as permitted by law.
VI. How Does LightInTheBox Secure Personal Information?
This Service uses technical and organizational measures to safeguard the integrity and confidentiality of your personal information.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data. We retain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information.
We set different authorization for different employees to be permitted to access or approach your personal data.
We only establish the partnership with those providers that have adequate protection on recurring service to prevent from data breaches.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password for your LightInTheBox account that is not used for other online accounts. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. You can sign out of your LightInTheBox account by selecting Sign Out.
VII. What Is The Arrangement Of Advertising And Promotion?
Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites:LightInTheBox may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services. As mentioned, these advertising and promotions is linked to the affiliated website indicated in Examples of your personal information shared with a third party.
Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: The third-party advisers provide you with LightInTheBox ads through the information we provided. To make you at ease, we will share with them the most minimized scope of personal information.
Personalized Advertising Service: We will have your consent before dispersing you personalized advertisements, researches, questionnaires or promotions over our products or goods. You may opt out from advertising by unsubscription function, contact the customer service or reply the email to object if stated otherwise. Like other online ad networks, we use cookies, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies, which enable us to learn about what ads you see, what ads you click, and other actions you take on our Sites and other sites. This allows us to provide you with more useful and relevant ads. For example, we may use Google Analytics or other tracking / marketing applications or combined technique to track your visiting or purchasing history, your location. For more information of the cookie tracking, please see above links to our Cookie Notice.
ONCE YOU FINALIZE THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, THE EMAIL SUBSCRIPTION BY DEFAULT PERMITS US THE DIRECT MARKETING TOWARDS YOU. HOWEVER, YOU MAY CHANGE THE EMAIL SUBSCRIPTION IF YOU ARE RELUCTANT TO RECEIVE ANY PROMOTION OR ADS INFORMATION.
VIII. What Information Can You Access?
You, as a customer, have right to access your information. You may access to the majority of your data online when you login in the LightInTheBox account by clicking on the 'Personal Center' tab. From your account, you can also modify or update your personal information at your convenience. Please see below for guidance on how to navigate the 'Personal Center' tab to find specific information. For more detailed instructions, please visit our Help Page.
Login information: Click on the 'Account Settings' box.
Your address book: Click on the 'Manage Address Book' box.
Order history: Click on the 'My Orders' box.
Email Subscriptions: click on the 'Email Subscriptions' box.
Rewards and credit: click the 'My Rewards & Credit'.
Favorites: click the "My Favorites" box.
Your Profile informationon: clik the 'Account Settings' box.
Your ticket: Click on the "My Tickets" box.
If you require further personal data, you can log into your account to verify your identity and submit your request. You can submit this request through the "My Tickets" page after logging in. Once there, click on "Submit Ticket", and follow the instructions. For further information, please go to our Help Page. We may charge reasonable administrative fees for your request for information in a large amount.
IX. What Choices Do You Have Regarding LightInTheBox Collection Of Your Information?
You are welcomed to raise any questions about how we collect and process your personal information. You may contact our Customer Service provided below or log into "My Account" to use "Ticket" service at your option.
As stated above, if you choose not to provide necessary information for service, we are unable to provide you with our service.
You have right to rectify your personal information through Account Setting referring to the What Information Can Customers Access? After the updates or rectification, we usually have a copy of your previous records.
You have the right to object when you no longer want to receive any email or communication from us by using the Account Setting functions. The object right is also applicable to apps in your portable devices so you may adjust the settings in your portable devices.
To block the cookies on your computer, the Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some essential service on the Site, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your shopping cart or proceed to checkout, or use any of our Services that require you to sign in.
If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account here and blocking cookies on your browser.
For the Opt-out setting unable to be changed on the platform by yourself, you may contact our Customer Service for further help. In addition, you may request LightInTheBox to delete your account and accompanying information as well. You may also request for your personal information. However, at your request, we will take enormous time on processing so as to you may be charged for $ 1 US dollar or € 1 Euro for the process as you request for all the copies of your personal data. 
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of our Services, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses you have shipped orders to, and to safeguard your privacy right.
XI. Users From The European Union?
For European-resident Users, you may refer to this part for special regulation under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR right of access by the data subject. You no matter as a visitor or a customer, are as a user, entitled to access their own information to confirm whether their personal data are being process or not. Users have the right to know about the detailed information 
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR the purposes of the processing; the categories of personal data; the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been disclosed to; the time frame for the personal data concerned stored; the existence of automated decision-making.
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR right to rectification. Users have the right to rectify the data. If your information is incorrect or incomplete. You may choose to correct and complete the information or inform us to assist you doing so.
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR right to erasure. You are users conferred the right to request us to delete your personal information. We will use the available technology to erase your personal information, including but not limited to pseudonymization, de identification, clearing and other erasure methods. However, for the reason of exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, compliance of legal obligations, public interest in public health, archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes, or for legitimate defence.
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR right to restriction of processing. Users shall be aware of that before you request for certain right, you are supposed to cooperate with us for verify your personal information and your identity. In verification process, you shall include your name, address, and email address when you contact us. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your requests. The verification steps will vary depending on the sensitivity of your personal information and whether you have an account with us, but we will make a response to you within the specified time set under GDPR.
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR right to data portability. You may request for your personal data provided to us on basis of consent or contract, or the automated processing to a third party under the condition of availability of the technology. Whether feasible or not, please contact our Customer Service for confirmation. You shall be assured that we will attempt to guarantee your data to be transmitted to a third party in a structed, commonly used and machined-readable format where technically feasible.
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR right to object. You may object to the direct marketing and you can view What Choices Do You Have Regarding LightInTheBox Collection Of Your Information?
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR automated individual decision making, including profiling. When we make a automated decision making, like a profiling, we will acquire your explicit consent before our engagement. Alternatively, the right to object to the automated decision can be exercised via communication with us by the Email of Data protection officer (dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com) or Customer Service.
You may reserve the right pursuant to GDPR withdrawal of consent. You may withdraw you consent to the processing of your data at any time, but you shall be realized that the withdrawal of the consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing regarding consent before the withdrawal.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries beyond European Union in the course of sharing information, we will transfer that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.
Requests should be submitted by contacting us through our Data Protection Officer at dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com.
If you are a visitor from the state of California, USA, please refer to "Visitors from California?" as follows for more information.
Pursuant to GDPR 27, we designate LITB Nertherlands B. V. as our representative in the Union. Any questions or requests if you have, you may see the information below to contact us representative: LITB Nertherlands B. V.
Address: Hullenbergweg 278-308, Zuidoost Amsterdam 1101BV Netherlands
Email: dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com 
XII. Users From California?
For U. S. California-resident Users, you may apply to California Privacy Act of 2020 ("CPRA" hereinafter) , which effect dated January 1st, 2023. Therefore, we amend this Policy to remind you that CCPA is replaced by CPRA.
You may exercise the right pursuant to CPRA right to delete personal information. Identical to the regulation of GDPR, you shall have the right to request us to delete your personal information that we collected from you under the CPRA, which we disclose to you. As required, in a form of a list below We will observe your instructions to delete the information from records and inform the service providers or contractors of deleting your personal information synchronously after we verify your identity unless it involves disproportionate effort and impossibility or in the case of business purposes.
You may exercise the right pursuant to CPRA right to correct inaccurate personal information.
You may exercise the right pursuant to CPRA right to know what personal information is being collected. Right to access personal information. California residents have the right to request disclosure of the information required to be provided in the list below.
You may exercise the right pursuant to CPRA right to equal service and non-discrimination. We promise we will not conduct unfair trade because of any exercise of rights under CCPA.
You may exercise the right pursuant to CPRA right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. WE DO NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, but as presented, we are establishing an "opt-out" mechanism for you to further protect your constitutional privacy right.
You may exercise the right pursuant to CPRA right of not to be retaliated following opt-out or exercise of other rights. We will by no means be allowed to deny your access and reasonable requests. 
You may exercise the right pursuant to CPRA right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. You are entitled to request us to limit the use of your sensitive data within the purpose of providing goods or services, security and integrity, short use, transient use, performing service on behalf of the business, service or device quality or safety control. 
We will respond your request of correction of inaccurate personal information, or deletion of a consumer's personal information free of charge within 45 days of receiving your messages or emails and verifying your true identity. If we are unable to have a 45-day response, we have right to have an additional 45-day extension to respond.
Shine the Light. California's Shine the Light Act entitles California users to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed certain information about you to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. California users who wish to request further information in compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us at dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com. We accept your agent with a power of attorney evidencing full authorization by you to exercise any rights available to you on your behalf.
XIII. Users From Nevada?
For U. S. Nevada-resident Users, you may be applied to Senate Bill 220 ("Nevada Privacy Law" hereinafter). You have right to request NOT TO SELL YOUR INFORMATION for monetary consideration even though we do not engage in activities in selling your information. If you want to exercise your right, please contact us via dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com.
XIV. Are Children Allowed To Use LightInTheBox Service?
LightInTheBox does not sell products for purchase by children and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13. Elsewhere on this Site, you promised to be represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or are using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian.
If you are under the age of 13, we will not collect your personal without consent from your parents.
XV. Term of Use, Policies, and Revisions
If you choose to use Service, any dispute over privacy is subject to this Term of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law. If you have any concern about privacy at LightInTheBox, please contact us with a concise description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy will change also. You had better check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Except for other rules and reuglations, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
If you have any questions regarding collecting or processing of your personal data, please contact us by e-mail at dataprotectionofficer@lightinthebox.com , it_security@lightinthebox.com.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: search or shop for products or services in our stores.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use LightInTheBox.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise apps applicable.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other form.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: provide and rate Reviews.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: employ In-stock Notice.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: use our Live chat for help service.
Examples of Categories of Information collected the information we direct collect from you and will be used in the following situation: self-motivated publish content.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as payment information.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as your age.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as your location information.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as your IP address.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your "Manage Address Book"
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as email addresses of your friends and other people.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as content of reviews and emails to us.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as personal description and in Personal Center.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.
In order to facilitate the engagement above, you are needed to supply us with such information as credit history information; and
personal information disclosure (for sold or shared under CPRA) 
Card Number (only to the payment provider that you require to complete the payment process)
Automatic Information
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include the internet protocol address used to connect your computer to the internet.
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include login, email address, and password.
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include the location of your device or computer.
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include version and time zone settings.
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers.
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include the full Uniform Resource Locator clickstream to, through, and from our websites, including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs).
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
Examples of the information collected and to be used to analyzing include images when you use in Writing a Review column.
We may also use other means to automated-processing your data (i.e.device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.)
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
Examples of information we receive from other sources include account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include status of recent orders.
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include your complete order history (including my orders).
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, and address book).
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include payment settings (including payment card information, rewards and credits, coupons).
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include email notification settings (including In-Stock Notice, Flash Sale Deals, Personalized Notification & Recommendations and newsletters).
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations (including Recommendations for You).
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include shopping lists and My favorites.
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized advertising preferences.
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include content that you recently viewed.
Examples of information you can access through Lightinthebox include communications (including inquiries and tickets).
My World StoreTM
A New York Stock Exchange Listed Company (NYSE: LITB)
Rich in Variety
1000+ New Items Everyday
Manufacturer Direct
Cut Out The Middleman
Safe & Trustworthy
Secure payment
Fast Delivery
Global Partner of DHL
Friendly Services
7-day Satisfaction Guarantee
Subscribe to Our Newsletter & Get Exclusive Offers
Join Our Community
Our Mobile Apps
App Store Google Play
Company Info
About LightInTheBox.com
Imprint
Customer Service
How to contact us
How to return
How to track
How to order
Accessibility
Our Guarantee
Company Policies
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Notice
Intellectual Property Policy
All you need to know
CA Supply Chain Statement
Payment & Methods
Payment Methods
Estimated Delivery Time
Other Business
Affiliate Program
Recruiting Designers
Site Index Site Map Check All Product Reviews 
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0_9
MiniInTheBox.com
Cool Gadgets with Free Shipping
PayPal
Copyright 2006-2023 LightInTheBox.com All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to offer you the best website experience. Some are necessary, ensuring our site and services work properly. Others are optional, providing more personalized service. By selecting "Accept", you agree to our use of the cookies and similar technologies, to share what data we collect with our affiliates or partners, and to process your data outside the EU (if any). You can change cookie settings via "Cookie Manage". For more information, please read " Cookie Notice". Accept Reject
Cookie Manage
We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website experience. Some cookies are necessary to use our services, as they make sure our site and services function properly. Other cookies are optional, and are used to provide you with a more personalized experience. You can learn more about our use of cookies and similar technologies, your choices and how to manage them by reviewing our Cookie Notice. 
  Strictly necessary cookies Always Active
We use Strictly necessary cookies for the sole purpose of carrying out or facilitating the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network; and they are strictly necessary to provide you with the service you requested. Therefore, these cookies cannot be turned off; otherwise some technical functionalities are not able to operate properly. These cookies enable that you can access and use our platform and ensure a proper performance, security and functionality of our platform.
  Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies are optional and used to conduct research on user preferences, to estimate our audience size and to improve our platform. These statistics give us more information on which products we should recommend and how we should develop and improve our platform and its security. Based on this research and analysis, we are able to provide our services and a better platform. These analytical cookies are third party cookies set by third parties, such as Google, which are different from our domain that you are visiting.
Save Cancel
Here is a Free Trial that you can enjoy shipping fee per order, no matter how many items you buy.
ATest