We're sorry but Litmatch doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
HOMEABOUT US
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 8, 2022
(December 8 updates "share your information with third party payment channel")
This Privacy Policy for CONSTRUCT TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD (referred to as "CONSTRUCT" "we" "us" or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and share ("process") your information when you use our service ("Services").
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at lit@litatom.com.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
OUR POLICY TOWARDS MINORS
NO ERROR FREE PERFORMANCE
HOW TO CONTACT US?
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal Information Provided by You. We collect personal information that you provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our product and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us. 
The personal information we collect may include the following: phone numbers
Email address
Usernames
Passwords
Birthday
Gender
Information we receive from others. The other users may provide information about you as they use our Services, such as they interact with you or if they submit a report involving you.
Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information
Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, TikTok, or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS" below.
Application Data. If you use our application, we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with the access or permission. _If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings_.
Geolocation Information. We may request access or permission to track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide certain location-based services.
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's camera, microphone, and other features.
Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating systems, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model internet service providers and mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol address. 
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application. 
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application, for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Automated technologies or interactions. See "Cookie Policy" for details of how we may automatically collect your personal data.
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
We will only use your personal data when the applicable local law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: for purposes of providing the services, customer management, and functionality and security as is necessary to perform the services provided to you under our terms of use and any other contract that you have with us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Where you declare your valid consent to use it.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including provision of Services: To facilitate account creations and otherwise manage your account. To present our Services and their contents to you, including any interactive features on our Services, and to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us; we also collect and use Personal Information to verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with promotion activities and games; 
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including customer Management: to provide customer support and notices to you about your account or subscription, and respond to your requests, questions, and feedback; 
Communication: to communicate and interact with you directly, such as that we may send notifications to you, notify you about updates, security alerts, promotion activities, or improvements to our Services or contact you regarding any content that you have posted to or downloaded from the Services. We may send you marketing and promotional communications. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time.
Functionality and Security: to diagnose or fix technology problems, and to detect, prevent, and respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement. We may retain data related to violations of our Terms of Use to against recurrences.
Compliance: to enforce our Terms of Use and to comply with our legal obligations.
Others: to provide you information which we may describe when your consent is provided separately from this privacy policy.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations: business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Affiliates. We may share information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us. 
Service providers, contractors, and other third parties who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing payments, customization of content, analytics, security, supporting our Services functionality, and other features offered through our Services. These service providers may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. This may also include sharing your account information (such as your account information, purchase orders, purchase history, and your device ID) with third-party payment channels for the purpose of processing refunds. 
Other Users. When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, posts, or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of our Services and register for our Services through a social network (such as TikTok), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your profile.
Legal Authority. We access, preserve and share your Personal Information with regulators, law enforcement or others where we reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues, protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; or to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our Website or infrastructure. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, at our sole discretion.
With Your Consent/At Your Request. We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We also may share aggregated information with third parties for conducting general business analysis. This information does not contain any Personal Information and may be used to develop content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
Please note, that Litmatch is managed by CONSTRUCT TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD., registered in Singapore, so your data may be stored, processed, transferred between, and accessed to the company in Singapore, or in any other country where Litmatch or its affiliates, subsidiaries, partners, or service providers are located or maintain facilities. 
You explicitly consent and agree to such transfer, storing, and processing of your information outside the country in which you reside. Nevertheless, we will handle information from or about you in accordance with this policy and applicable law regardless of where that information is stored.
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account, we may have access to certain profile information about you. It may include your name, email address, friends list, and profile picture, as well as other information you choose to make public on such a social media platform.
We do not control and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preference on their sites and apps.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. Once you request us to close your account and delete your personal data, we will delete or all of your personal information that we are not required or permitted to retain by law.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We strive to provide you with rights and choices regarding your personal information, including the right to close your account and delete your personal information.
You can choose not to provide us with certain Personal Information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member, or purchase products or services, or promotion, or survey, or ask a question.
For other requests to review, update, or otherwise limit our use of information that you have provided directly to us, you may contact lit@litatom.com. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify all relevant background. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times. If the request if unlawful or invalid, or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy or other rights of someone else, we may reject your request. 
You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. Remember that uninstalling an app does NOT close your account. To close your account, please use the corresponding functionality on the service.
If you reside in European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information. 
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to this privacy policy, you are expected to periodically review the most up-to-date version found at our website or within the Services so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
If we change anything in our privacy policy, the date of change will be reflected in the "last modified date". You agree that you will periodically review this privacy policy and refresh the page when doing so. You agree to note the date of the last revision to our privacy policy. If the "last modified" date is unchanged from the last time you reviewed our privacy policy, then it is unchanged. On the other hand, if the date has changed, then there have been changes, and you agree to re-review our privacy policy, and you agree to the new ones. In all cases, your continued use of the Services after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
This privacy policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any Personal Information relating to users of the Services.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS MINORS
Our Services is not directed to persons under the age of 13. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 13, please use the reporting mechanism available on the service.
NO ERROR FREE PERFORMANCE
We do not guarantee error-free performance under this privacy policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this privacy policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our privacy policy. We shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this privacy policy.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
If you have questions or comments about this Policy, you may email us at lit@litatom.com, or by post to cONSTRUCT TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD
15 SCOTTS ROAD 
03-12 15 SCOTTS 
SINGAPORE (228218) 
Find us on
Contact Us
Copyright Lit 2021. All right reserved
Privacy PolicyCommunity Guidelines 沪ICP备2021005393号 
Terms of UseSafety CenterCookie Policy