Cookies
Cookies improve our website's performance and help us to deliver ads suited to you, so we recommend that you accept them for the best shopping experience. Don't worry, if you would prefer not to, just click the cookie settings button. To learn more about the cookies we use or change your cookies settings at any time, simply visit our Cookie Policy page.
Cookies improve our website's performance and help us to deliver ads suited to you, so we recommend that you accept them for the best shopping experience. Don't worry, if you would prefer not to, just click the cookie settings button. To learn more about the cookies we use or change your cookies settings at any time, simply visit our Cookie Policy page. 
Your consent applies to the following domains: help-row.newlook.com, help-de.newlook.com, help-fr.newlook.com, help-uk.newlook.com, newlook.com 
Manage your preferences
Necessary
Always Active
Some cookies are needed for our website to work and to help ensure that our website is safe and secure, so they can't be switched off. If you block these cookies using your browser setting parts of our website won't work. 
Functional
We use functional cookies to enable us to provide enhanced features and personalisation, which gives you the best possible experience on our website. These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our website, remember your preferences (such as language or region) and enable basic functions (like telling you how popular an item is). We, or third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages, may set these cookies. Remember, if you block these cookies, some services may not function properly, and you won't get the best from our website. 
Performance
These cookies help us to analyse data about website traffic so that we can improve our site's performance. 
Marketing
Marketing cookies are set through our website when we, or our affiliate partners, run offers such as student discounts. By accepting our marketing cookies, you'll get more personalised ads across the internet (and social media), see less of the same ads, and enjoy an enhanced experience overall. 
Cookie declaration last updated on 9/8/23 by Cookiebot
Cookie SettingsAgree
Agree
Help Centre Home
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Notice
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy
Who we are
This Privacy policy applies to New Look Retailers Limited, a company registered in England and Wales, company number 1618428 and its associated affiliates namely, New Look Limited, New Look (Channel Islands) Limited and New Look Limited ("we", "our", "us"). Our address is New Look House, Mercery Road, Weymouth, Dorset, UK, DT3 5HJ, for other ways to contact us see the details here 
We take your privacy very seriously. We are the "data controller", which means we are responsible for deciding how and why your personal information is used and ensuring it is secure. We are responsible for any personal data collected through the website_url_lnk website (the "website"), the New Look app (the "app") and any of our New Look stores.
The sections below make up our privacy policy. It sets out the rules we follow regarding how we use any personal information we collect about you and the rights you have relating to that use. We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to ensure we adhere to this Policy, they can be contacted by e-mail at privacy@newlook.com or by writing to the Data Protection Officer, New Look House, Mercery Road, Weymouth, Dorset, DT3 5HJ.
Why do we collect personal information?
On the basis that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you we use your information for the following purposes: to allow us to handle your orders, deliver products and process your payments and refunds
On the basis that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you we use your information for the following purposes: to let you know about your orders
On the basis that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you we use your information for the following purposes: to process your application when you enter a competition promotion or prize draw. (If there are other purposes specific to that competition promotion or prize draw, these will be explained in the applicable Competition Terms & Conditions) 
On the basis that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you we use your information for the following purposes: supply a receipt by e-mail if you have requested this
On the basis that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you we use your information for the following purposes: to respond to your queries or requests.
On the basis that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you we use your information for the following purposes: to improve our websites as well as the products and services we offer you
If you do not provide the information we need for these purposes then we will not be able to process your order, request or competition entry.
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: to update our records and generally maintain your account with us.
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: to keep a record of when and why you contact us and to keep your contact details up to date.
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: for our statistical or survey purposes, so we can improve our products and websites and the services we offer to you.
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our sites. 
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: to enable third parties, including social media companies, e-mail and internet service providers, to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf and to assess and improve the effectiveness of our marketing programs.
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: understand your behaviour and preferences so we can send or show you information, offers, surveys and online advertisements for products or promotions we believe are most likely to interest you.
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: so we can personalise your shopping experience on our sites.
On the basis that it is in our legitimate interest, specifically to improve the efficiency, effectiveness and profitability of our business, or the legitimate interest of a third party, we collect and use your information for the following purposes: to protect our assets, people and customers, in particular by using CCTV and Body Worn Video devices in and around our premises.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process your data you have the right to object to this and we will no longer do so unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing the data for the relevant purpose. You can object to processing on the grounds of legitimate interest by logging into your account and following the links, or by e-mailing privacy@newlook.com stating the type of processing that you object to.
On the basis that we have your consent to do so we collect and use your information for the following purposes: to send you e-mails to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.
Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of one of the emails we have sent, or by emailing privacy@newlook.com.
On the basis that it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation on us we collect and use your information to keep proper books and records of our transactions
On the basis that it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation on us we collect and use your information for the prevention of fraud and money laundering
On the basis that it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation on us we collect and use your information to keep a record of health and safety incidents which occur in our stores or on our premises
What information do we collect about you?
This section describes when and what types of personal information we may collect.
When you do any of these set up an account on any New Look website
When you do any of these place an order
When you do any of these enter any competition, promotion or prize draw
When you do any of these upload an image or comment on a website or one of our social media posts
When you do any of these sign up for our newsletter or subscribe to any other services that we offer
When you do any of these fill out any forms on any New Look website
When you do any of these browse our website
When you do any of these use the free wi-fi service in one of our stores
When you do any of these purchase goods in store and request that a receipt is e-mailed to you. (For more information see the e-receipt Privacy Notice here)
When you do any of these return goods purchased in store but do not have your original receipt
When you do any of these correspond with us, in any way including by phone, email or chat facility.
When you do any of these shop in one of our stores.
Then, we may collect your personal information, including name
Then, we may collect your personal information, including date of birth
Then, we may collect your personal information, including address
Then, we may collect your personal information, including email address
Then, we may collect your personal information, including phone/ mobile number
Then, we may collect your personal information, including password
Then, we may collect your personal information, including payment information
Then, we may collect your personal information, including technical information about how you access and use our websites, including your IP address, browser type and operating system. For further information about the use of your IP address and technical information please see our cookies policy here
Then, we may collect your personal information, including cCTV images
Then, we may collect your personal information, including body Worn Video images
Then, we may collect your personal information, including any other information you may make available to us.
We might sometimes ask you other details depending on the circumstances. Whenever we ask for information if you are required to provide it this is indicated by an asterisk.
We'll also require your credit or debit card details when you place an order (unless you pay with PayPal or using one of the payment options offered through Klarna).
How do we use your information?
We use your information for the following: so we can personalise your shopping experience on our websites.
We use your information for the following: to assess the effectiveness of our marketing activities.
We use your information for the following: to allow us to handle your orders, deliver products and process your payments and refunds.
We use your information for the following: to keep you updated about your orders.
We use your information for the following: to maintain our records and your account with us.
We use your information for the following: to keep a record of when and why you contact us and to keep your contact details up-to-date.
We use your information for the following: for statistical, analytical or survey purposes, so we can improve our websites and their services to you.
We use your information for the following: identify the devices operating systems and applications you use to access our website.
We use your information for the following: to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our websites. Also to enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
We use your information for the following: to prevent or detect crime and to ensure the physical safety of staff, customers, visitors and contractors in our stores.
We use your information for the following: to understand your behaviour (based on the information available to us) so that we can send or show you information, offers, surveys and online advertisements for products or promotions we believe are most likely to interest you.
We use your information for the following: to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.
We use your information for the following: to process your application when you enter a competition, promotion or prize draw. (If there are other purposes specific to that competition promotion or prize draw, these will be explained in the applicable Competition Terms & Conditions).
We use your information for the following: to comply with legal obligations placed on us (for example by maintaining records of accidents on our premises as required by health and safety legislation).
How long do we keep your information for?
As a general rule, we will keep your information only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, however we may keep it longer if we are required to because of a legal obligation on us, for example information relating to transactions may be kept for up to six years after the transaction has completed for accounting, auditing and taxation purposes.
As a general rule, we will keep your information only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, however we may keep it longer if we are required to because of a legal obligation on us, for example if you close your account or withdraw your consent to us using your information for direct marketing we may retain some of your information for up to 24 [AK1] months after to deal with any disputes that may arise. 
We may also keep information that has been anonymized so that you cannot be identified for longer periods for analysis and reporting purposes.
How can I opt out from receiving marketing and newsletters?
If you sign up to our newsletter, or ask us to send it to you, we may keep you informed by email about our products and special offers that we think you'll like.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, or to change your mind at any time. You can opt out by choosing not to sign up for our newsletter and other marketing offers when you create your account.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, or to change your mind at any time. You can opt out by changing your settings in the 'Manage Contact Preferences' section in the My Account pages of our website.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, or to change your mind at any time. You can opt out by unsubscribing from our newsletters by following the link on the newsletter (every newsletter we send you will include a link at the bottom to allow you to easily opt out)
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, or to change your mind at any time. You can opt out by e-mailing privacy@newlook.com
We'll try our best to process your request promptly but it may take a few days for your contact preferences to be changed.
Your Data Privacy Rights
As well as the right to withdraw consent and the right to object to use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes you have a number of other rights under the data protection legislation which are set out below.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, except the right of erasure, you should e-mail privacy@newlook.com giving sufficient information to enable us to identify you and the nature of your request. If you wish to exercise the right of erasure please click the link in that section below.
Right of access: 
You have the right to ask us to confirm if we are processing your personal data and to information about what data we are processing and why,
You have the right to ask us to confirm if we are processing your personal data and to information about where we got it from,
You have the right to ask us to confirm if we are processing your personal data and to information about how long we keep it for,
You have the right to ask us to confirm if we are processing your personal data and to information about who we pass it to (and if those recipients are outside the EEA the safeguards that are in place),
You have the right to ask us to confirm if we are processing your personal data and to information about whether we use automated decision making, and if we do the logic behind, and consequences of, such decision making.
You are also entitled to a copy of the data about you that we are processing. If you are only seeking copies of specific information please let us know what this is so that we can respond quicker.
Right to rectification.
If information we have about you is inaccurate, out of date or incomplete you have the right to have it rectified, including by means of providing a supplementary statement if the data is incomplete.
Right of erasure.
You have the right to have your personal information deleted if it is no longer necessary for us to have it, if we were processing it on the basis of your consent which you have withdrawn, if you have objected to us processing it on the basis of our legitimate interests (and there are no overriding legitimate grounds not to erase it), or if we have processed it unlawfully. If you would like to exercise your right of erasure you can do so here.
Right to restrict to processing you can object to us processing your information based on our legitimate interest unless we are able to demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for doing so. You can also object to us using your information for profiling or for direct marketing purposes.
Right to object to processing you can object to us processing your information based on our legitimate interests unless we are able to demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for doing so. You can also object to us using your information for profiling or for direct marketing purposes.
Right of data portability you have the right to a copy of your data in a commonly used machine-readable format and to ask us to pass such a copy to another organisation.
Right to lodge a complaint with our supervisory authority if you are unhappy about the way we have handled your data and we have been unable to resolve your complaint you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence.
In the UK this is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), website_url_lnk
How do we protect your information?
Our sites use up-to-date industry procedures to protect your personal information. We also protect the security of your data during transmission using Secure Sockets Layer encryption software. We may vary this in the future if we feel you will benefit from greater security whilst using our sites.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you via our sites.
For more information about security see the relevant section of our Help Centre here
Do we disclose your information?
We may disclose your personal information to our service providers who operate elements of our service and process data on our behalf. These may include businesses who provide technology services such as hosting for our servers or email distribution, and business partners who provide delivery fulfilment, data analysis or other services. Where such disclosures are made, this will be under contractual arrangements with us and carried out in accordance with the requirements of relevant data protection laws.
Your personal information may be processed by us, or by our service providers, outside the European Economic Area in countries where there may not be the same standards of protection for personal information. If your personal information is processed outside the European Economic Area we will ensure that it is adequately protected as required by data protection law.
We may also disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliated companies for data processing, service and administration purposes. These affiliated companies may include, for example, social media companies with who we may share information so that we can assess the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and show or send you information, offers, surveys and online advertisements for products or promotions which we believe are most likely to interest you. In addition, we may disclose your personal information to any successors in title to our business or to a buyer in the event that we or any of our assets are acquired by a third party (as your information may be one of the transferring assets).
Your personal information and payment card details will be processed by CyberSource Limited and CyberSource Corporation (together "CyberSource") for the purposes of dealing with payment transactions and to protect against fraud. Your personal information will be processed on our behalf by CyberSource and your credit/debit card details are shared with CyberSource and stored by CyberSource outside of the European Economic Area. We will ensure that your personal information will be adequately protected as required by data protection law.
We may carry out fraud and security checks with CyberSource and other organisations involved in fraud prevention. If we or they suspect or identify fraud we and they may record this and may also pass this information to other organisations for the purpose of fraud prevention. We, CyberSource and these other organisations may use this information for fraud prevention purposes in the future.
If you choose to pay using one of Klarna's payment options, we will pass some of your personal information (such as name, delivery address, billing address (if different), email address, and order details) to Klarna so they can assess whether you qualify for their payment options and if you do tailor the payment options for you.
Your personal data is handled by Klarna in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna's privacy policy. General information on Klarna can be found here.
We may also disclose any of your personal information to any third party where we are under a duty to do so in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or protect any of our rights(or those of our customers), our property or the safety of our staff, partners or suppliers, or customers.
Please see our Third-party list[A2] for more information on who we may share your personal data with.
Third-party links, apps and websites 
If you access our services through any third-party links, apps or websites, the processing of your personal data will also be subject to that third party's privacy policy.
If you access any third-party links, apps or websites from our websites or apps, the processing of your personal data will also be subject to that third party's privacy policy.
Please refer to their policies for more information on how they will manage your information before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Contact us
If you would like to exercise your rights, or you have a question or a complaint about this policy, or the way your personal information is processed, please contact us by one of the following means, depending on where you are resident: united Kingdom & Isle of Man
By email: privacy@newlook.com 
By post: Data Protection Officer, New Look House, Mercery Road, Weymouth, Dorset, DT3 5HJ
European Union
By email: privacy@newlook.com 
By post: Data Protection Officer, 3 Burlington Road, Dublin 4, 662883, Ireland.
Channel Islands 
By email: privacy@newlook.com
By post: Data Protection Officer, 1st & 2nd Floors Elizabeth House, Les Ruettes Brayes, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 1EW
Updates to this Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please refer to it regularly to keep up to date with our changes.
This privacy policy was last updated in March 2023.
Questions related to Privacy 
How do I unsubscribe from marketing emails?
How to return my order?
Cookies
What are my delivery options?
What is New Look Listens?
Need some more help?
Available 8am-5:30pm Mon-Fri, 9am-5:00pm Sat-Sun
Chat
Tweet
Facebook messenger
WhatsApp
Contact Us
Feedback How was your experience today?
Help Centre Home
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Notice
Privacy
Privacy