Privacy Policy, India 
1. GENERAL 
ANI Technologies Private Limited ("OLA") has copyright over this Privacy Policy. Use by third 
parties, even by way of extract, for any purposes is not allowed. Infringements may be subject to 
legal action.
OLA values the trust you place in us and that is why we insist upon the highest standards for 
driver / operator information privacy. Please read the following statement to learn about OLA's
information gathering and dissemination practices. 
This privacy policy explains how OLA ("Our", "Us", "We", "OLA") collects and uses Your
("You", or "Your") personal and non-personal information shared by You either while registering as 
a driver partner / operator or browsing on the OLA Driver Partner mobile application / OLA Operator 
mobile application / the website Partners. OlaCabs.com (collectively "Site") and Your access / usage 
of Your account at Our Site ("Account"). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "You" shall either
mean an "Operator" who has listed himself /itself and his / its fleet of vehicles on the Site and /or has 
the Account to provide transport services through the drivers employed by the Operator; or 
"Driver Partner" who has listed himself and his vehicle on the Site and / or has the Account to 
directly provide transport services. For an Operator, "You" shall also include the drivers employed by 
the Operator.
By using Our Site, You impliedly agree that We can collect, disclose and use Your information to 
provide transport service, in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). You 
represent and warrant that the drivers employed by You to provide transport service have agreed for 
collection, disclosure and use of their information by OLA. By visiting /using this Site, You agree to
be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. 
2. INFORMATION COLLECTED 
We may collect certain Personal Information from You as well as drivers employed by You to 
provide transport services. 'Personal Information' is data that can be used to identify a person 
("Personal Information") including  2.1.1. Your full name, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth and any proof
of Your identity and address that We may request; 
 2.1.2. Details of any bank account (including but not limited to, account holder, account 
name, account number, available balance and transaction history of Your bank account) or 
any other income documents as necessary by Us; 
 2.1.3. Surveys that You complete through the Site or based on Our request; 
 2.1.4. Information collected through "Cookies"; Please refer to section and for more
information on Cookies. 
 2.1.5. Other details as set out below- 
o 2.1.5.1. Your visits to Our Site; 
o 2.1.5.2. Messages, read your sent and received text messages.
o 2.1.5.3Phone directory, directly call phone numbers from your directory and read your 
phone status and identity; 
o 2.1.5.4Photos / media / files, read the content of USB storage and modify and delete
content from your USB storage; 
o 2.1.5.5Storage. read the content of USB storage and modify and delete content from 
your USB storage; 
o 2.1.5.6Contact Directory.
o 2.1.5.7Camera, take pictures and videos; 
o 2.1.5.8Device ID & Location, read phone status and identity; 
o 2.1.5.9View network connections; 
o 2.1.5.10Full network access; 
o 2.1.5.11Location data, approximate as well as precise location; 
o 2.1.5.12Web logs and other communication data, whether this is required for Our own 
purposes or otherwise and the resources that You access whilst visiting Our Site.
In addition to the Personal Information, certain information may be collected from You at the time 
You visit the Site ("Usage Information"). This data may include  2.2.1. IP address of Your server from where the Site is being accessed, the type of browser
(Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Google Chrome, Safari etc.), the operating system of Your
system and the Site You last visited before visiting to Our Site, referring source which may 
have sent You to the Site.
 2.2.2. The duration of Your stay on Our Site is also stored in the session along with the date 
and time of Your access.
 2.2.3. The transactions that You either conduct with Us or with any third party through Our 
Site; And
 2.2.4. Other information associated with the interaction of Your Site.
When You use the Site, some third party servers (which may be hosted by a third party service 
provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically about Your activities on the Site; for 
instance by way of cookies, web beacons or web analytics. This anonymous information is 
maintained distinctly and is not linked to the Personal Information You submit to the third party and 
shall not be used to identify Your Account. 
 2.3.1. Web beacons are graphic image files embedded in a web page that provides 
information form the user's browser. This allows Us to monitor and ascertain the number of 
users using the Site and selected sponsors, advertiser website and for what purposes. 
 2.3.2. Web analytics are services provided by third parties in connection with a website. We 
may use such services to find usability problems in order to make the Site easier to use. 
These services do not collect information that has not been voluntarily provided by You. 
Accordingly, these services do not track Your browsing habits. The information shared 
through these services will not identify You or Your Account. 
You represent and warrant that all information collected from you and shared by you
(including Personal Information and Usage Information), do not and will not violate any 
provision of any agreement, applicable law, any order or judicial pronouncement to which 
You are a party. 
3. USE OF THE INFORMATION 
The information collected from You is used for the following purposes only:  3.1.1. to facilitate Your use of the Site; 
The information collected from You is used for the following purposes only:  3.1.2. to enable You to provide transport services to the customers; 
 3.1.3.to respond to Your inquiries or fulfill Your requests for information about the various
services.
 3.1.4.to provide You with information about OLA's products/services and to send You 
information, materials, and offers from OLA; 
 3.1.5.to send You important information regarding the Site, changes to OLA's terms, 
conditions, and policies and other administrative information; 
 3.1.6. to send You surveys and marketing communications that OLA believes may be of 
interest to You; 
 3.1.7. to help You address Your problems with the Site including addressing any technical 
problems; .
 3.1.8.if You purchase any content or avail of any service from the Site, to complete and fulfill 
Your purchase, for example, to have Your payments processed, communicate with You 
regarding Your purchase and provide You with related customer service; 
 3.1.9. for proper administration of the Site; 
 3.1.10. to conduct internal reviews and data analysis for the Site (e.g., to determine the 
number of visitors to specific pages within the Site); 
 3.1.11.to provide it for scrutiny to any statutory, regulatory or any other governmental 
authority or any other agency as advised by government or any judicial body; 
 3.1.12. to resolve disputes; 
 3.1.13.detect and protect Us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce Our 
terms and conditions; 
 3.1.14. We identify and use Your IP address to help diagnose problems with Our server, and 
to administer Our Site. Your IP address is also used to help identify You and to gather broad 
demographic information.
 3.1.15.to improve Our internal customer training; 
 3.1.16. to comply with financial services regulation including retention of financial information
and transaction; 
 3.1.17.to conduct financial and identity checks; fraud prevention checks; anti money 
laundering and credit checks; 
 3.1.18.collect / share your Personal Information for Your background verification, either by 
Us or through a third party, including but not limited to court record verification and police 
verification.
 3.1.19.to enhance the security of Our Site; and 
 sharing the information with third parties in order to facilitate certain value-added
services provided by third parties to You or provide certain value-added services to You by 
Us. 
 We may share Your information, including your Protected Information and Usage 
Information with third parties for any purpose, including but not limited to undertaking market 
research/ study, enable feedback mechanism, conduct data analysis, determine and 
customize product or service offerings, to improve the products or services or to make any 
other benefits/products/ services available to You.
A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be 
later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember 
information specific to a given user. We place both permanent and temporary cookies in Your 
computer's hard drive. These cookies do not contain any of Your personally identifiable information. 
You may choose to disable the cookies using the settings in Your computer system. However, if You 
do so, You may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site. 
Cookies may be used for the following purposes:  3.3.1. Customize Your experience on Our Site; 
 3.3.2. For obtaining information regarding use of the Site and assess which pages do You 
visit the most in order to provide You with goods/services that may be of interest to You. 
 3.3.3. To obtain information regarding Your IP address, location and other demographic 
information such as age range and gender in order to ascertain users internet behavior. 
 3.3.4. Assist in complying with regulatory obligations such as anti-fraud and anti-money
laundering obligations. 
 3.3.5. For allowing Us to provide You with personalized services by remembering the choices
made by You with respect to language You prefer, geographical location where You are etc. 
When You visit third party websites from Our Site, cookies embedded in such third party content 
may be downloaded onto Your device. We do not control such third party cookies and the same are 
governed by the terms and conditions of such third parties. Please read the terms and conditions 
governing such third party websites for more information on the same. 
4. RETENTION OF DATA. 
To the extent legally permissible, after termination of Your Account with Us, We, shall retain all 
the data collected from You 
Please note that We will not require You to disclose Your personal or security detail vide email or 
other communication. If You receive any email/ phone call/ SMS or other communication requesting 
You to share Your personal/security/financial information, please do not respond to such requests 
and delete such requests immediately. 
"Phishing" is an attempt to steal personal details and financial account details from a website 
user. Such "Phishers" use fake emails to lead users to counterfeit websites where the user is tricked 
into entering their personal details such as credit card numbers, passwords, PIN etc.. We shall not 
be held responsible for any loss, damage caused by responding to such emails and sharing
information with third parties specified under Sections and 4.3. 
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION 
By using the Site, You consent to the collection, transfer, use, storage and disclosure of Your 
information as described in this Privacy Policy, including to the transfer of Your information outside 
of Your country of residence. You hereby expressly authorized Us to share Your information. We 
may disclose Your information to Our employees, consultants, affiliates, agents, contractors,
business partners, associates, subsidiaries, investors, registered merchants/ agencies/ suppliers 
with Us and other persons with whom We are required to share such information as per applicable 
laws and on a need to know basis. In addition to the uses as set out in section 3 above, we may also
share information with third parties where You have expressed an interest in receiving information
about their goods/services. We may combine Your information with information We collect from
other companies and use it to improve and personalize the Services we provide. 
However We may disclose the personal data or any other information collected form You to any 
statutory, lawful enforcement body, regulatory body or court if We are under a duty to do so or 
required by law to disclose or share Your personal data or any other information collected from You. 
We may further use Your information in an aggregate form to ascertain the usage of the Site, for 
development of marketing and strategic business plans etc. Please note, that in such use of
information, no individual user shall be identified separately. 
In order to prevent money laundering activities and comply with applicable regulations, We may 
report suspicious transactions to law enforcement agencies. You hereby grant Us the right to share 
Your information with such law enforcement agencies in the event of any activity that may seem 
suspicious in Our sole discretion. In the event We notice any suspicious activity on the Site, We 
may, without prior intimation to You, report such instance to the law enforcement agency and 
share all relevant information that may be required for investigation; suspend Your Account 
during the period of investigation; and block Your use of our site under a cobranding 
arrangement with an entity and withhold such funds. 
6. SECURITY 
We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of Your Personal Information and to protect 
Your Personal Information against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or 
destruction. We adopt adequate measures to prevent unauthorized access to Your Personal 
Information.
We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to verify Your identity. You agree to 
provide Us all the information that We request for the security review. If You fail to comply with any 
security request, We reserve the right to terminate Your Account with Us and prohibit Your access to
the Site. 
We are not liable and cannot be held liable for any breach of security or for any actions of any 
third parties that receive Your Personal Information. 
We are not responsible for the authenticity of the Personal Information supplied by You. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, We shall not be held responsible
for any loss, damage or misuse of Your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is 
attributable to a Force Majeure Event. A "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond 
Our reasonable control and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of 
God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of 
government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, 
computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, etc. 
7. LINK TO OTHER SITES 
Our Site may provide links to other sites. These links are provided for Your convenience only 
and the provision of these links does not mean that sites are related or associated with Us. Please
note that these Sites have their terms of use and privacy policies. You should check their privacy 
policy before You submit Your Personal Information or any other data with them. We don't guarantee
the content, reliability, trustworthiness and the security of those sites. 
We may have certain features on Our Site which may be hosted by third parties, Your interaction
with such features shall be governed by the privacy policy of such third parties. 
We shall not be responsible for any loss, damage, claim or expense caused as a result of You 
accessing these third party sites and features. 
8. USER DISCRETION 
You can always choose not to provide information and in such cases, if the information required is 
classified as mandatory, You will not be able to avail of that part of the Site, services, feature or 
content.
9. COMMUNICATIONS 
We may contact You via the e-mail address and phone number as provided by You to Us. You 
may also receive system-generated transactional e-mails such as confirmations, notification of 
transfer of payments, notification of password changes etc. 
You hereby expressly consent to receive communications from Us on Your OLA Driver Partner 
mobile application / OLA Operator mobile application or through Your registered phone number 
and/or e-mail id. You agree that any communication so received by You from Us will not amount to 
spam, unsolicited communication or a violation of Your registration on the national do not call 
registry. 
You hereby expressly consent to receive communications (whether through email, SMS, phone 
calls or through any other means) from Us and third parties undertaking activities as per section 3 
of this Privacy Policy; and third parties offering value-added services to you, through Your 
registered phone number and e-mail id and the Site and any other means as we deem fit. 
You hereby consent to receiving such information and You agree that you shall not hold Us 
responsible for such communication received from third parties. You agree that any communication 
so received by You from Us/third parties will not amount to spam, unsolicited communication or a 
violation of Your registration on the national do not call registry. 
10. REVISION OF THE POLICY 
This Privacy Policy can change at any time to include / exclude clauses without prior notice to
You and OLA does not bear responsibility for updating Users on the same. Any changes will be 
effective upon posting of the revisions on the Site.
Unless otherwise specified by Us, revised policy will take effect automatically and be binding on
and from the day they are posted on the Site. You are advised to regularly check for any 
amendments or updates to the Privacy Policy from time to time. By continuing to access, You will be 
deemed to have agreed to accept and be bound by such revised policy. If You do not agree to the 
revised policy, You should discontinue accessing Our Site. Please go through the Privacy Policy 
from time to time to be informed about any changes that may have been made. 
11. GRIEVANCES 
If You have any concern, question, grievance or complaints in relation to the Site or its content, or 
this Privacy Policy, You can contact Us through the "Support" section on the Site.
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. All 
disputes in relation to these Terms will be adjudicated exclusively before a competent court in 
Bangalore, India only.