Cookies allow us to give you the best experience on our site, analyse our traffic and help with our marketing efforts. Some info is shared with our trusted partners. More details on our Cookie Policy.
Accept site cookies 
Decline site cookies 
Skip to content 
Don't buy it or bin it 
Olio it.
Give and get items
Avoid buying new by sharing and finding items locally. 
Help the planet
Give your items a second life. Less waste = less damage to the planet. 
Help each other
Build community and save money by sharing with fellow locals. 
Join 
7 million Olio-ers worldwide 
Apple

Trustpilot

Google

Get the app Get the app
How to Olio it
Useless to you... 
Useful to someone down the road
Snap
Add a photo of your item and set a pick-up location, either on your doorstep, in a public location, or hidden in a safe space
Message
Check your messages and arrange pick up
Share
Soak up the good vibes knowing you've helped someone local, and the planet
Get the app Get the app
Snap
Add a photo of your item and set a pick-up location, either on your doorstep, in a public location, or hidden in a safe space
Message
Check your messages and arrange pick up
Share
Soak up the good vibes knowing you've helped someone local, and the planet
We partner with organisations across the world to help people and the planet
Partner with us
What is Olio?
Your spare stuff explains
Hear why our community loves Olio 
An amazing community
I started using Olio because we needed items for our newborn. After a few collections I discovered what a wonderful group of Olio-ers there are close to me. It's amazing how connected my family are with our community now, and we've been sharing flyers locally to help introduce even more people to Olio. I've felt a real sense of accomplishment completing Food Waste Hero pick ups too. It's wonderful knowing I'm playing a part in reducing waste. 
Sarah Oliver
Olio-er 
Exactly what me and my family needed
Hi 👋🏻 I'm Chloe Just wanted to come and say Hi 🙂 I'm new here and just wanted to share what a positive experience I've had on this app so far. In a cost of living crisis this app has been exactly what me and my family needed with the added bonus of reducing food waste which is a massive problem in this country 🙂 I couldn't be more grateful for the volunteers who take time out of their day to collect and fairly distribute the food. ❤️ 
Chloe Johnson
Olio-er 
A fulfilling experience
I find being an Ambassador for Olio a really fulfilling role. I love getting out and about talking to people about how they can reduce waste and introducing them to the Olio community. It's such a great way to do your bit and help out people in your local community. 
Lito Smith
Olio-er 
Wonderful people
Wow, Olio is a godsend. I have met some wonderful kind people along the way while getting some wonderful food and items. 
Vicki Green
Olio-er 
Be inspired
More articles 
Olio Stories: The table that changed everything 
Olio Stories Olio updates 
How to use Olio, here's how it works 
Getting started on Olio Our community 
Meet the new look Olio 
Olio updates 
What is Olio? 
Getting started on Olio Olio updates 
Top tips for decluttering your home 
Sustainable living Waste and our planet 
Download the Olio app 
Join 7 million Olio-ers worldwide in the fight against waste
Apple

Google

Close modal