Sorry, your browser is not supported! Please download a modern browser
Sign inCreate account
Adventure starts with a single step
Plan, track and relive your trips in a smart and beautiful way
Plot your path
Your travels, 
automatically 
tracked
Keeping your phone in your pocket and your eyes on the world. Share it with everyone, from your roommate to your soulmate, or keep it to yourself.
New
The best the world 
has to offer
As picked by our travel-loving editors and other explorers like you. Less time spent seeking, more time spent turning travel dreams into travel realities.
Explore the Guides
Relive it
Hold your 
memories in 
your hand
Your route, travel stats, thoughts, and photos transformed with the push of a button. The result? A beautiful, hardback, perfect-to-show-off Travel Book.
Find out moreBuy a gift card
Join our 5 million explorers today
About
Home
About us
Careers
Press
Terms & privacy
Help & support
Help Center
Send us feedback
Facebook
Twitter
We feedback
Polarsteps is developed and designed in Amsterdam by passionate travelers. We're on a journey with a clear destination: we want to create the best travel app in the world. Want to help us out? Spread the word or drop us some feedback
Partners
Privacy policy
Terms of usePrivacy policyCookie policyNotice & takedownContact
Our commitment to privacy
Polarsteps knows that you take your privacy seriously. We do, too. We are committed to be transparent with you about our data practices and to give you control over personal data we collect about you. We don't sell your personal data and by default your settings are privacy friendly. By default, your trips are only visible to people following you and you have full control over who can follow you. In this Privacy Policy, we outline the reasons why we need to process your Personal Data and the manner in which it is processed. You will also read about your rights and what you can ask us to do with your personal data.
About Polarsteps
With Polarsteps you can plan, track and remember your trips by using our website (website_url_lnk "Website") and mobile app ("App", together "Polarsteps"). When you use Polarsteps we will process your personal data. This may include sensitive data about you, such as your location.
All personal data is collected, processed and secured in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We, Polarsteps B. V., are controller of the personal data we process about you in relation to the use of our Website and App.
If you have any additional questions about the way we process personal data, please visit our support center.
This privacy policy was last modified on 5 December 2022. You can download a pdf of this privacy policy to save or print here. If we make significant changes to this privacy policy, we will inform you about it. 
How do we process your personal data?
Creating an account
You can create an account to track your trips and follow others. When you register for an account we ask you to provide some basic information about yourself, such as name
You can create an account to track your trips and follow others. When you register for an account we ask you to provide some basic information about yourself, such as e-mail address
You can create an account to track your trips and follow others. When you register for an account we ask you to provide some basic information about yourself, such as hometown
You can create an account to track your trips and follow others. When you register for an account we ask you to provide some basic information about yourself, such as password
You can also use your Facebook, Apple or Google account to register. If you do so, we may gain access to public profile information such as your name, e-mail address and Apple, Facebook or Google ID.
We process this data as it is necessary to deliver Polarsteps to you (legal basis: the performance of the agreement).
Using Polarsteps with an account
As a registered user, you can start using Polarsteps. It is up to you how you use Polarsteps. You can automatically track your route and add photos and videos. Or you can manually enter the places you have been. You can share your trips with everyone, or just your friends or keep it entirely to yourself. And if you regret sharing certain information, you can delete it. Don't want to track your travels? Feel free to use Polarsteps just to keep in touch with friends and family on the road. You are in control. We will explain this in detail below.
Depending on how you use Polarsteps, we process the following data: your personal info, such as your name, hometown, biography text and e-mail address
Depending on how you use Polarsteps, we process the following data: your location
Depending on how you use Polarsteps, we process the following data: your added content, such as trips, steps, reviews, photos, videos, venues, likes, comments, tips and more
Depending on how you use Polarsteps, we process the following data: your searches
Depending on how you use Polarsteps, we process the following data: whom you follow and who follows you
Depending on how you use Polarsteps, we process the following data: technical information to make Polarsteps work well, such as your IP-address, device type, browser type, screen size and preferred language
We process this data as it is necessary for the performance of the agreement. 
You can delete all of your added content whenever you like. When you do, it will no longer be visible to others and be deleted from our servers. You can also delete your entire account. When you do, we will delete all of your data 90 days after, so please download your data beforehand. If you haven't used Polarsteps for more than six years we will send you two reminders to ask you if you still want us to keep your data. If there is no response, we will permanently delete your account. 
Finding your friends
You can find out which friends of yours are using Polarsteps by giving us access to your address book and your Facebook friends list. In case you opt to do so, we process the following data: the e-mail addresses of your friends
You can find out which friends of yours are using Polarsteps by giving us access to your address book and your Facebook friends list. In case you opt to do so, we process the following data: the Facebook identifiers of your friends
The legal basis is the performance of the agreement with you. We use this information to show you which friends of yours already have a Polarsteps account, and to let these friends know that you have joined. We do not store this information and we do not use this information for any other purpose.
Location data
With Polarsteps you can track your trips and the places that you visited. To make this possible we process your location data. For each individual trip you can choose if you want to enter locations manually or track your route automatically. 
Manual, if you prefer not to automatically track your route, you can manually add content and all the places you have been. You can add photos and videos and tip the places you liked best. You will still have a diary of your travels, however your route will not be tracked in full detail and you will miss some functionalities that require continuous location access. The legal basis is performance of the agreement with you.
Automatic, for a better experience, you can have us track your route automatically. When you do, you will be able to see and share every step on the way. When we know your location we can also send you recommendations for places to see and things to do near you. People that you have granted access to your trip (see "Sharing your travels") may be able to see your live location. We will only track your route with your consent.
You can also grant us access to your location for other purposes than tracking your route. With your (specific and separate) consent, we will collect your location when you open the app or occasionally in the background, to suggest adding a trip when it looks like you're travelling. If you have given such consent, we only store your last known location and we never store your full location history (route).
If you don't want to share your location anymore you can withdraw your consent, and deny us access through your device settings.
Sharing your travels
Polarsteps is a community. We allow you to not only keep track of your travels for yourself, but to share them with whomever you like.
You can change the sharing settings for a specific trip at any time. For every individual trip, you can choose with whom you want to share your experience only me, This trip, including all details like your current location, is only visible for you
You can change the sharing settings for a specific trip at any time. For every individual trip, you can choose with whom you want to share your experience my followers, Only people that follow you and people that you've shared your secret link with, are able to see the details of your trip. People can only follow you after you have accepted them as followers. You can change this in your account settings, to allow anyone to follow you without accepting them. 
You can change the sharing settings for a specific trip at any time. For every individual trip, you can choose with whom you want to share your experience public, Inspire fellow travelers! Everyone can see your trip and details. Content shared with everyone can be used in our travel guides. Content is shared with everyone when you set the privacy level of a trip to public or when you choose to set an individual tip (such as a restaurant review) to public. For instance, a photo taken by you in Hyde Park can be used in our guide about London if you have set the privacy level of that trip to public. Your first name and bio photo will also be visible with the Hyde Park photo. 
The legal basis is the performance of the agreement with you.
Think carefully about which data you share and who you share it with. By default your trip is only visible to your followers. Please be aware that when you set your trip to public, anyone may be able to see your live location. Share responsibly!
Using Polarsteps without an account
You can view public trips and trips for which you have received a secret link without a Polarsteps account. To facilitate this, Polarsteps processes only the necessary technical information, such as your IP-address, phone type, browser type, screen size and preferred language. The legal basis is the performance of the agreement with you. 
Ordering our products
You can order a travel book or other product to remember your trip. To create this book and to send it to you, we process the following data: your account details
You can order a travel book or other product to remember your trip. To create this book and to send it to you, we process the following data: the contents of your travel book
You can order a travel book or other product to remember your trip. To create this book and to send it to you, we process the following data: shipping information, your address
You can order a travel book or other product to remember your trip. To create this book and to send it to you, we process the following data: payment and billing information
You can order a travel book or other product to remember your trip. To create this book and to send it to you, we process the following data: gift card code and value (see below)
This is necessary for the performance of the agreement with you, for creating and delivering your order. We retain shipping and payment information as part of your account settings, so that if you order another book in the future, you don't need to enter your details again.
Gift cards
You can order a gift card to give a travel book or other product to a friend. You can order a gift card on our website and enter the e-mail address of the person you want the gift card to be sent to. We will then send this person a unique code. With this unique code, the recipient can pay for the full value or part of the value of a product the person wishes to purchase. To order this gift card and to deliver the unique code, we process the following data: your account details
You can order a gift card to give a travel book or other product to a friend. You can order a gift card on our website and enter the e-mail address of the person you want the gift card to be sent to. We will then send this person a unique code. With this unique code, the recipient can pay for the full value or part of the value of a product the person wishes to purchase. To order this gift card and to deliver the unique code, we process the following data: the e-mail address to which you wish to send the gift card
You can order a gift card to give a travel book or other product to a friend. You can order a gift card on our website and enter the e-mail address of the person you want the gift card to be sent to. We will then send this person a unique code. With this unique code, the recipient can pay for the full value or part of the value of a product the person wishes to purchase. To order this gift card and to deliver the unique code, we process the following data: the gift card code and value
You can order a gift card to give a travel book or other product to a friend. You can order a gift card on our website and enter the e-mail address of the person you want the gift card to be sent to. We will then send this person a unique code. With this unique code, the recipient can pay for the full value or part of the value of a product the person wishes to purchase. To order this gift card and to deliver the unique code, we process the following data: payment and billing information
This is necessary for the performance of the agreement with you, to generate your gift card code, facilitate the payment and to provide your friend with the unique code needed to use the gift card. We retain payment information as part of your account settings, so that if you place another order in the future, you don't need to enter your details again.
Improving, securing and optimizing Polarsteps 
Polarsteps is constantly in development. We need certain data to optimize your experience and to improve the services. This concerns, for example, the following data: how you interact with the app or website, such as search terms, pageviews and messages 
Polarsteps is constantly in development. We need certain data to optimize your experience and to improve the services. This concerns, for example, the following data: device information, such as hardware model, OS version, unique ID, browser type, language and WiFi information
Polarsteps is constantly in development. We need certain data to optimize your experience and to improve the services. This concerns, for example, the following data: location data (on city level) 
Polarsteps is constantly in development. We need certain data to optimize your experience and to improve the services. This concerns, for example, the following data: information collected by cookies and similar technologies 
Polarsteps is constantly in development. We need certain data to optimize your experience and to improve the services. This concerns, for example, the following data: crash data
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest to improve the App, by analyzing how the App is used, what problems are encountered and what improvements are necessary. We will limit this processing as much as possible, for instance by pseudonymising the data.
Cookies
When you visit our App or Website, small text files are stored on your computer, smartphone or other device. These files are called cookies. Cookies help us to function, analyze and personalize the website. We do not make use of tracking cookies to personalize content or show advertisements. For detailed information on the use of cookies, see website_url_lnk
Social Media
If you follow us on social media or communicate with us or about us on social media, we may have access to a part of your public profile data. Polarsteps also follows social media channels and may have access to public profile information by doing so. 
We do this in order to increase our social media activity, respond to queries, and analyze customer satisfaction. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest to improve our services.
Customer satisfaction surveys
Polarsteps conducts customer surveys in several ways. If you contact support or make a purchase, you may receive an invitation to participate in a customer satisfaction surveys. For this purpose we process information such as your e-mail address, the reason for sending you a survey and the results of the survey. 
We use the results to improve the quality of our services and products. The legal basis is the performance of the agreement with you.
Mailings
You can subscribe to our mailings. For this, we need your name and email address. The legal basis for this is your consent. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the 'unsubscribe' button in each email. If you are no longer subscribed, we will remove your name and email address from our mailing list. 
You may also receive mails which are necessary for the performance of the agreement with you, such as a confirmation of your account creation, password reset request or changes to our legal documentation. 
Support
You can contact our support department for any issues related to our services. When you do, we process your account details and the contents of your issue, in order to answer your request, on the basis of the performance of the contract with you.
Contracting partners
We sometimes make use of contracting partners, such as IT providers. We may need to process some personal data of our contacts with such partners. We do this for the performance of the contract with these partners.
Protection of rights
Lastly, we may need to process your data to protect our rights or the rights of third parties and to enforce our Terms of Service or policies, for instance to protect our intellectual property rights when they are violated. We may also share your data as part of a business sale, merger, investment, change in control or transfer of Polarsteps. The legal basis for this are our legitimate business interests. 
How do we share your personal data?
We have never sold your personal data to third parties for commercial purposes, and we have no intentions to do so in the future. We only share your personal data when necessary for offering our services, as described here.
We provide personal data to third parties who process personal data on our behalf. We enter into a processing agreement with our processors in which we legally bind our processors to process your personal data in accordance with the GDPR. We share data, for instance, with hosting service providers to store our user data
We provide personal data to third parties who process personal data on our behalf. We enter into a processing agreement with our processors in which we legally bind our processors to process your personal data in accordance with the GDPR. We share data, for instance, with printing partners and delivery services, to print and deliver travel books
We provide personal data to third parties who process personal data on our behalf. We enter into a processing agreement with our processors in which we legally bind our processors to process your personal data in accordance with the GDPR. We share data, for instance, with companies which help us analyze usage of the App and Website
We provide personal data to third parties who process personal data on our behalf. We enter into a processing agreement with our processors in which we legally bind our processors to process your personal data in accordance with the GDPR. We share data, for instance, with in addition, we may be required by law to provide your information to a third party
Other parties may also be involved in the performance of the agreement with you as an independent or joint controller. We will inform you about it when this is the case.
Your personal data will only be stored or processed outside the European Union (and the EEA) by us or by third parties if this is in accordance with the applicable regulations for the transfer of personal data to countries outside the European Union. This means that we will only transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Union if the European Commission has decided that the third country in question ensures an adequate level of protection, or if other appropriate safeguards are put in place, such as the use of unchanged standard data protection clauses that have been approved by the European Commission. 
How do we secure your data?
Polarsteps takes the protection of personal data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized alteration. 
What rights do you have?
As we explained above, most information you can already change in your account. You can see, edit, or delete individual trips by going to the settings of that trip. You can also download a copy of all your data or delete your account through your account settings. Also, when you have given us consent for certain processing activities, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
You have the right to access, correction or erasure of your data. You can also ask us to restrict the processing or transfer your personal data and you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data.
To exercise these rights, contact us at support@polarsteps.com. You can also submit a complaint to the Personal Data Authority. 
Thank you for reading our privacy policy. We hope you trust us with your personal data. Travel safe, and share responsibly!