privacy policy. Buy Hair products, Cosmetics, Perfumes online. Purplle.com
You are 'Offline'
⭐️⭐️ FLAT Rs. 100 OFF on your first order! ⭐️⭐️
Use Code:APPFIRST
DOWNLOAD APP
DOWNLOAD APP. SUPPORT. TRACK ORDER
What are you looking for?
SHOP CATEGORIES 
Makeup
Face Makeup
Primer
Concealer
BB & CC Creams
Foundation
Compact
Loose Powder
Blush
Highlighters & Illuminators
Bronzer
Contour
Setting Sprays & Fixers
Sindoor
Makeup Remover
Eye Makeup
Eyeliner
Under eye Concealers
Eyeshadow
Kajal
Mascara
False Eyelashes
Eyebrow Enhancer
Lip Makeup
Lipstick
Liquid Lipstick
Lip Crayon
Lip Liner
Lip Gloss
Lip Stains & Tints
Lip Balms & Treatments
Nails
Nail Polish
Gel Nail Polish
Matte Nail Polish
Top And Base Coat
Nail Polish Remover
Manicure & Pedicure Kits
Brushes & Tools
Face Brushes
Eye Brushes
Lip Brushes
Brush Sets
Sponges & Applicators
Tweezers
Eyelash Curlers
Mirror
Makeup Pouches
Makeup Brush Cleaner
Sharpener
Gifts & Value Sets
By Skin Tone
Fair
Dusky
Ivory
Wheatish
Dark
Skin Care
Cleansers
Face Wash
Cleanser
Scrubs & Exfoliators
Makeup Remover
Facial Wipes
Toner & Face Mists
Toner
Face Mists
Moisturizers
Face Moisturizers & Day Creams
Night Cream
Serums & Essences
Facial Oils
BB & CC Cream
Masks
Sheet Mask
Face Mask, Packs & Peels
Sunscreen
Eye Care
Eye Masks & Patches
Eye Serum
Eye Cream
Eye Makeup Remover
Lip Care
Lip Balm
Lip Scrub
Body Care
Body Lotions & Moisturizers
Body Creams & Body Butters
Talc
Body & Massage Oils
Bath & Shower
Body Wash & Shower Gels
Body Scrub, Polish & Exfoliant
Soap
Bath Salts & Bubble Bath
Bath Accessories
Hand & Foot Care
Hand Wash & Soaps
Hand Sanitizer
Hand Cream
Foot Creams and Scrubs
Massagers and Face Tools
Face Tools
Massagers
Aromatherapy
Essential Oil
Carrier Oil
Gift & Value Sets
By Concern
Dark Spots & Pigmentation
Stretchmarks & Cellulite
Fine Lines & Wrinkles
By Benefit
Anti-Acne
Anti Ageing
Hydrating
Oil Control
Skin Brightening
Tan Removal
Hair Care
Shampoo & Conditioners
Shampoo
Dry Shampoo
Conditioner
Nourishment
Hair Oil
Hair Serum
Hair Spa & Mask
Hair Styling & Tools
Hair Color
Hair Spray
Styling Cream, Gel & Waxes
Hair Serum
Hair Brushes and Combs
Hair Dryer
Hair Straighteners
Hair Roller and Curlers
Hair Accessories
Hair Clips, Bands & More
Gifts & Value Sets
By Concern
Color Protection
Damaged Hair
Dandruff
Dry & Frizzy Hair
Dull & Dry
Grey Hair
Hair Thinning & Hairfall
Heat Protection
Split Ends
Volume
By Hair Type
All Hair Types
Curly and Wavy Hair
Appliances
Styling Tools
Hair Dryer
Hair Curler
Hair Straightener
Hair Styler
Hair Crimpers
Hair Removal Tools
Epilators
Trimmers & Clippers
Male Grooming
Female Grooming
Face & Body Tools
Massager
Face Appliances
Face Appliances
Personal Care
Bath & Body
Body Wash & Shower Gels
Body Scrub, Polish & Exfoliant
Soaps
Bath Salts & Bubble Bath
Body Lotions & Moisturizers
Body Creams & Body Butters
Feminine Hygiene
Sanitary Napkins
Tampons
Pantyliners
Menstrual Cups
Intimate Care
Shaving and Hair Removal
Women's Grooming
Cotton Buds and Balls
Manicure and Pedicure Kits
Loofahs and Scrubbers
Wipes/Tissues
Deodorants & Roll-Ons
Body Mists & Sprays
Men's Grooming
Shaving Cream
Razors & Cartridges
Aftershaves
Beard Care
Deodorants & Roll-Ons
Dental Care
Toothpaste & Tooth-powder
Toothbrush
Floss and Tongue Cleaner
Hand & Foot Care
Hand Wash & Soaps
Hand Sanitizer
Hand Cream
Foot Creams and Scrubs
Hair Care
Shampoo
Conditioner
Hair Oil
Hair Serum
Hair Treatment
Gifts & Value Sets
Men
Shaving Care
Shaving Cream
Razors & Cartridges
Aftershaves
Skincare
Face Wash
Scrubs & Exfoliators
Moisturizers
Face Cream
Face Masks
Bath & Body
Shower Gel
Soap
Talc
Hair Care
Shampoo
Conditioner
Hair Styling
Hair Color
Hair Oils
Beard Care
Beard Oil & Wax
Beard Wash
Fragrance
Perfumes
Deodorants & Roll-Ons
Colognes
Aftershaves
Gift & Value Sets
Top Searches
Fairness
Anti-Aging
Dryness
Anti-Dandruff
Hair Thinning & Hairfall
Grey Hair
Fragrance
Fragrance for Women
Perfumes
Deodorants & Roll-Ons
Body Mists & Sprays
Perfumed Creams & Solid Perfumes
Fragrance for Men
Perfumes
Deodorants & Roll-Ons
Colognes
Aftershaves
Health & Wellness
Health Supplements
Multivitamins
Minerals
Omega Fatty Acids
Weight Management
Sexual Health Products
Condoms & Lubricants
Health Food & Drinks
Herbal and Detox Teas
Healthy Juices & Drinks
Nutrition Supplements
Super Foods
Pain Relief & First Aid
Pain Relief & First Aid
By Concern
Bones and Joints
Digestion
Immunity
Pregnancy
Hair, Skin and Nails
Wellbeing
Mom & Baby
Baby Skin Care
Baby Lotions & Creams
Baby Powders
Baby Wash & Soaps
Baby Massage Oils
Baby Rash Creams
Baby Wipes
Hair
Shampoo & Conditioner
Hair Oils
Maternity
Anti-Stretch Creams
Kits
BRANDS 
Shop Purplle Brands
See all
Top Brands
Good Vibes
Maybelline
NY Bae
Faces Canada
Alps Goodness
Purplle
DermDoc
Carmesi
Mamaearth
Lakme
0-9
4 Step
A
Acne Squad
Aigner
AL-FAKHR 
Alan Truman
Alps Goodness
Amazon Series
Amigo
Anveya
Aqualogica
Aramusk
Arata Zero Chemicals
Aravi Organic
Aroma Magic
AromaMusk
Aryanveda
ASA BEAUTY
Auravedic
Avarelle
Avene
Axe
AY
AYA
Ayuga
Azah
B
Baby Dove
Baby plum
BaByliss
Baidyanath
Bajaj
Bare Anatomy
Bare Body Essentials
BBLUNT
Be Soulfull
Beardo
Beautiliss Professional
Beauty Glazed
belif
Bella
Bella Vita Organic
Bella Voste
Belora
Benetton
Berina
Beromt
Bikers
Biluma
Bio Oil
Bio-essence
Bioderma
Biolage
Biore
Biotique
Biotique Natural Makeup
Blue Heaven
Blue Nectar
BN PARFUMS
Body Cupid
BodyGuard
BodyHerbals
Bombae
Bombay Shaving Company
Boucheron 
Brave Essentials
Bronson Professional
Brut
Brut International
Buds & Berries
Bumtum
C
C2P Pro
Cadiveu
Camay International
Carmesi
Cetaphil
Chambor
Chandrika
Chaoba
Charmacy Milano
Charmis
Chemist at Play
Chik
ClayCo
Clean & Clear
Clensta
Clinique
Cocomo
Colorbar
Combo Special
Conscious Chemist
Cosmos By Bewakoof
COSRX
Crazy Color
CUFFS N LASHES
D
Dabur
Daily Life Forever52
Darling Isabella
DE ' LANCI
DeBelle
Deconstruct
Denver
Dermafique
Dermatouch
Dermavive
DermDoc
Deve Herbes
Dot & Key
Dove
Dove International
Dr Foot 
Dr. Morepen
Dr. Sheth's
Dr. Batra`s
Dr. PAWPAW
DR. RASHEL
Ducray
E
EARTH RHYTHM
EDW Essenza
Elitty
Elle18
ELYSIANN GLORRY
Engage
Episoft
Estee Lauder
Eternal Love
EveCare
Everteen
EverYuth
F
Faces Canada
Fantraa
Fem
Fiama
Filone
Find Your Happy Place
Fix My Curls
Fixderma
Fixderma Cosmetic Laboratories
Focallure
Fragrance & Beyond
FURR by Pee Safe
G
Gala of London
Garnier
GemBlue BioCare
GHAR SOAPS
Gillette
Gillette Venus
Giorgio Armani
Glam 21
GLAMRS
Glamveda
Globus
Glow Hub
GlowGlutathione
Godrej Expert
Godrej Professional
GoNari
Good Vibes
Gorgio Professional
GUBB
Gucci
Gynocup
H
Hair4Real
Haironic
Hairsta
Half N Half
Havells
Havintha
Head and Shoulders
HealthBest
Hera
Herbal Essences
Himalaya
Himalayan Organics
Hiphop
HTC
Hugo Boss
I
I DEW CARE
I-AmsterDAMN
Iba
Ikkai
IKONIC PROFESSIONAL
Imagic
Inatur
Incolor
Indulekha
Indulgeo Essentials
Indus Valley
INGLOT
Inlife
Innisfree
INSIGHT
Inveda
Ital Veloce
J
Jaquline USA
JD COLLECTION
Jean Paul Gaultier
Jovan
Jovees
Joy
Juicy Chemistry
Just Herbs
K
Kai
Kaiv
Kaja
Kama Ayurveda
Kapiva
Karthika
Kaya
KEHAIRTHERAPY
Kemei
Kenzo
Keya Seth Aromatherapy
Khadi Essentials
Khadi Natural
Khadi Shuddha
KINDED
Kiro
Klairs
KN95 MASK-WSX
Kozicare
KT Professional
Ktein Cosmetics
L
L'Oreal Paris
L'Oreal Professionnel
L. A. Colors
L. A. Girl
La French
La Shield
Lacto Calamine
Lakme
Lamel
LetsShave
Lever Ayush
Lifebuoy
Liril
Lisen
Little Angel
Livon
Lomani
Lotus Botanicals
Lotus Herbals
Lotus Organics
Love Beauty Planet
Love Earth
LoveChild Masaba
Lux
Lux Botanicals International
Luxuri
M
M. A. C
Majestique
Make Up Academy
Makeup Revolution
Mamaearth
MANASIK
Mancode
Manish Malhotra
ManSure
Marico Jataa For Men
MARS
mars by GHC
Matra
Matrix
Mattlook
Max
Maybelline
mCaffeine
Me-ON
Meera
MeSkin
Minimalist
MIRABELLE COSMETICS KOREA
Miss Rose
MOART
Moda Cosmetics
Mont Blanc
Moody
Mother Sparsh
MuscleBlaze
MyGlamm
Mystiq Living
N
Namyaa
NATURALI
Nature Derma
Nature Sure
Nature's Essence
Nautica
Neud
Neutriderm
Neutrogena
Newish
Nicka k
Nivea
Noiant
Nova
Nua
NutriGlow
NutriGlow Advanced Organics
NutriGlow Natural's
Nutriment
NY Bae
Nyle
O
O. P. I
O3+
Olay
Old Spice
OLD TREE
Olivia
Omeo
ONE on ONE
One Thing
Online Quality Store
Organic Harvest
ORGANYC
Oriental Botanics
OSHEA HERBALS
Oxyglow
OxyLife
OYO Baby
OZiva
OZONE
P
Paco Rabanne
Pantene
Parachute
Paradyes
Paree
Passion Indulge
Pears
Pears International
Pee Safe
PeeBuddy
Pepsodent
Philips
Phy
Physicians Formula
PIGEON
Pigment Play
Pilgrim
PLIX
Plum
Plush
Ponds
PRAUSH BEAUTY
PRIVEDA
PROARTE
Prolixr
Provalo
PURITO
Purplle
Purplle Membership
Q
Qraa Men
Quench Botanics
R
Raaga Professional
Raho Safe
RAS Luxury Oils
Rasasi
Re'equil
Recode
Renee
Revlon
Revolution Pro
Rexona
Richfeel
RiiFFS
RiRe
Riyo Herbs
Ronzille
Roop Mantra
Round Lab
Royal Mirage
S
Salon in a Box
Sanfe
Sanfe. Beauty
Santoor
Santoor Shower Gels
Saturn by GHC
Savlon
Schwarzkopf
Schwarzkopf Professional
Sebamed
Selfly
Sereko
SERY
Sesa
Set Wet
SEVEN SEAS
Shahnaz Husain
Shany
SheNeed
Siddhayu
Simple
Sirona
Skinsta
SNP
SOME BY MI
Sorich Organics
SOTRUE
Soulflower
Soultree
SO...?
SP
spantra
Spinz
St John
ST. DVENCE
St. Ives International
St. Botanica
ST. Ives
Stay Quirky
Streak Street
Streax
Streax Professional
STREET WEAR
Suganda
Sugar
SUGAR POP
SunScoop
Sunsilk
Swiss Beauty
T
TAC, The Ayurveda Co
Tea Treasure
The Beauty Sailor
The Body Shop
The Derma co.
The Face Shop
The Man Company
The Moms Co
The Tribe Concepts
The Woman's Company
ThriveCo
TIGI
TINT Cosmetics
TNW The Natural Wash
Toni & Guy International
Top Gummy 
Trendsetter Collection
TRENDZIE SKIN CARE
TRESemme
Tresemme International
TruHabit
Truthsome
U
UCANBE
UDV
Undry
UNPA cosmetics
Up To Toe
Upsilon
Ustraa
V
Vaadi Herbals
Vagad's Khadi Herbal Gramodaya
Vaseline
Vaseline International
Vasmol
Vayam Ayurveda
Vedicline
Vega
Veoni Belle
Verdant Natural Care
VGR
VI-JOHN
Vigini
Vit Citrus
Vitress
Vivel
VLCC
Volamena
Vrija
VWash
W
Wahl
Wella Professionals
Wet n Wild
WishCare
WOW
X
XX Revolution
Y
Yardley
Yardley Shower Gels
Z
Zenvista
ZEOVEDA
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
most viewed
featured
new launches
OFFERS 
NEW 
SPLURGE 
MAGAZINE 
ELITE OFFERS 
Sign in
New Customer? Start here.
Your OrdersYour AccountElite MembershipYour Beauty ProfileYour WishlistPurplle Credit
Become a Seller? Register Now.
Search for Products and Brands
Trending Searches
good vibes
goodvibes
Lip
Popular Products
Stay Quirky Liquid Lipstick, Red, Too Hot For Date Night 7 (4.5 ml)
₹292 ~~449~~ 35% off
Last Updated as on 7th March, 2022. [To see prior version, Click here]
The domain name website_url_lnk the Purplle app listed on Play Store and App Store and offline stores (hereinafter referred to as "Website") is owned by Manash Lifestyle Private Limited a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 with its registered office at Unit No. 101, B, 1st Floor, Raheja Plaza-I, LBS Marg, Ghatkopar Mumbai Maharashtra 400086 (hereinafter referred to as "Manash").
Purplle Privacy Policy 
We value the trust you place in Manash. That's why we insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy. Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices. This Privacy Policy is formulated in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 ("IT Act") read along with the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 ("IT Rules"). 
Note: Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information 
We collect personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, etc.) from you when you set up a free account with the Website. While you can browse some sections of our site without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order) do require registration. We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests. We may also maintain a record of your product interests and acquire information about you for our present and future affiliates.
Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Data or Information 
The IT Act and the IT Rules defines personal information as follows: means any information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with a body corporate is capable of identifying such person. 
The IT Act and the IT Rules define sensitive personal data or information of a person as meaning such personal information which consists of information relating to: password, financial information such as Bank account, debit or credit card, physical, psychological and mental health condition, sexual orientation, medical records and history, biometric information, any detail relating to the above as provided to the body corporate for providing a service, and any of the information received under each of the heads by the body corporate for processing, or to be stored or processed under a lawful contract. Provided that, any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as sensitive personal data or information for the purposes of the IT Rules.
Service-Based Data Agreement 
For the functionality of Makeup in TRY On feature, No personal data is collected.
Collection of Sensitive Personal Data or Information 
We collect and you may provide us with personal information and sensitive personal data or information as understood under the IT Act and the IT Rules. In addition to such sensitive personal data or information, you may also provide us with information like financial information such as Bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details, password, physical health condition; medical history, sex, etc. (collectively "Sensitive Information";) for availing the services at our Site.
Use of Personal Information and Sensitive Information 
We use personal information and Sensitive Information to provide the services you request. To the extent we use your personal information and Sensitive Information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal information and Sensitive Information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. 
We use Sensitive Information to provide the services such as recommending beauty products and beauty routines. 
In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyze demographic and profile data about our users' activity on our website. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. 
We will occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use this data to tailor your experience at our site, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in--and to display content according to your preferences.
Cookies 
A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a Web server on a Web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user. the Website places both permanent and temporary cookies in your computer's hard drive. Website's cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information.
Retention and Usage of Sensitive Personal Data or Information 
Except as reasonably required or otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements, Manash endeavours to retain your Sensitive Information only for as long as it believes is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the Sensitive Information was collected (including, for the purpose of meeting any legal, administrative, accounting, regulatory or other reporting requirements or obligations). This Sensitive Information is safeguarded against inappropriate access and disclosure, as per this Privacy Policy.
Sharing of personal information 
We may share personal information and Sensitive Information with our other corporate entities and affiliates to: help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity. Those entities and affiliates may not market to you as a result of such sharing unless you explicitly opt-in. 
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public. 
Manash and its affiliates will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a transaction occur, that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. 
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information to third party service providers, with whom we have executed appropriate agreement/contracts, and hence, they cannot do anything with your Personal Data which is outside of the scope of the agreement/contract entered by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them. The reasons for disclosing the personal information and Sensitive Information with such third party service provider are as follows providing you with products or services; 
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information to third party service providers, with whom we have executed appropriate agreement/contracts, and hence, they cannot do anything with your Personal Data which is outside of the scope of the agreement/contract entered by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them. The reasons for disclosing the personal information and Sensitive Information with such third party service provider are as follows initiation and completion of a payment by you; 
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information to third party service providers, with whom we have executed appropriate agreement/contracts, and hence, they cannot do anything with your Personal Data which is outside of the scope of the agreement/contract entered by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them. The reasons for disclosing the personal information and Sensitive Information with such third party service provider are as follows to assist with detecting and preventing fraud; 
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information to third party service providers, with whom we have executed appropriate agreement/contracts, and hence, they cannot do anything with your Personal Data which is outside of the scope of the agreement/contract entered by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them. The reasons for disclosing the personal information and Sensitive Information with such third party service provider are as follows legitimate business reason for doing so; 
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information to third party service providers, with whom we have executed appropriate agreement/contracts, and hence, they cannot do anything with your Personal Data which is outside of the scope of the agreement/contract entered by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them. The reasons for disclosing the personal information and Sensitive Information with such third party service provider are as follows sending you information and promotional material regarding our products and services; 
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information to third party service providers, with whom we have executed appropriate agreement/contracts, and hence, they cannot do anything with your Personal Data which is outside of the scope of the agreement/contract entered by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them. The reasons for disclosing the personal information and Sensitive Information with such third party service provider are as follows asking you for your consent to share it, and you've agreed; and/or
We may disclose personal information and Sensitive Information to third party service providers, with whom we have executed appropriate agreement/contracts, and hence, they cannot do anything with your Personal Data which is outside of the scope of the agreement/contract entered by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them. The reasons for disclosing the personal information and Sensitive Information with such third party service provider are as follows improving your online/offline experience for using our product.
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics branch
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics clevertap
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics bugsnag
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics criteo
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics facebook
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics firebase Analytics
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics firebase Crashlytics
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics google Pubsub
The link to those third party websites are as follows analytics google Analytics
Payment juspay
Payment simpl
Login google
Login facebook
Login firebase Auth
Links to Other Sites 
Our site links to other websites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. 
Manash is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on the other websites you visit.
Information Security Practices and Procedures 
Manash endeavors to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to protect your personal information including Sensitive Information against loss, misuse, copying, damage or modification and unauthorized access or disclosure. Our site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access.
Choice/Opt-Out 
The Website provides all users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of our partners, and from us in general, after setting up an account. If you want to remove your contact information from all Purplle.com lists and newsletters, please visit website_url_lnk 
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Purplle.com and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. 
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. 
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. 
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Purplle.com takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Consent 
By visiting our Platform or by providing your information, you consent to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and otherwise processing of your information (including sensitive personal information) on the Platform in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
You, while providing your personal information over the Platform or any partner platforms or establishments, consent to us (including our other corporate entities, affiliates, lending partners, technology partners, marketing channels, business partners and other third parties) to contact you through SMS, instant messaging apps, call and e-mail for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. If you disclose to us any personal information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
You have an option to withdraw your consent that you have already provided by writing to the Grievance Officer at the contact information provided under the Grievance Officer section of this policy. Please mention "Withdrawal of consent for processing personal information" in your subject line of your communication. We will verify such requests before acting on our request. Please note, however, that withdrawal of consent will not be retrospective and will be in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, related terms of use and applicable laws. In the event you withdraw consent given to us under this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to restrict or deny the provision of our services for which we consider such information to be necessary.
Data Retention 
We retain your personal information on our systems or with third parties for a period no longer than is required for the purpose for which it was collected or as required under any applicable law. However, we may retain data related to you if there is a legal obligation to retain the data; if required to comply with any applicable statutory or regulatory retention requirement by law; if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse; to enable Purplle to exercise its legal rights and defend against legal claims; or for other legitimate purposes. We may continue to retain your data in anonymised form for analytical and research purposes.
Transfer of Data outside India 
We may transfer your personal information or Sensitive Information to other countries outside your residential country for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 
You consent and acknowledge that such countries may different (even potentially less stringent) laws relating to the security and confidentiality afforded to the information that is being held and that your personal information or Sensitive Information may be subjected to the laws and disclosure requirements of such countries, including but not limited to disclosure required to be made to governmental bodies, regulatory agencies and private persons, as a result of applicable governmental or regulatory inquiry, order or other similar process. In addition, countries have also entered into agreements with other countries providing for exchange of information for law enforcement, tax and other purposes. 
If we transfer any of your personal information or Sensitive Information to countries outside India for purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, we will make best endeavors to ensure that appropriate controls and safeguards are inserted and followed for keeping your personal information or Sensitive Information accurate, protected, and processed only for specified and reasonable purposes for which it is shared in a lawful basis.
Territory 
While you may be able to browse the Website from countries outside of India, however, please note we do not offer any product/service under this Website outside India. By visiting the Website or providing your information, you expressly agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and agree to be governed by the laws of India including but not limited to the laws applicable to data protection and privacy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Website.
Disposal of Data 
We shall take reasonable steps to delete or permanently de-identify Personal Data that is no longer needed ; and we will also stop sharing data to our third party SDKs, advertising networks or other entities of Manash lifestyle that will have access to your data when you 
opt out of some collection or uses of your Data, including the use of cookies, pixels and similar technologies and the use of your Data for marketing purposes OR 
request its deletion or anonymization OR 
request to restrict or object to its processing OR 
change or edit information submitted to us OR 
withdraw any consent provided or alter your preferences. 
Even if we delete your Data, it may or some part of information (like email, phone) may persist on backup systems or archival media for sales/order audit, legal, tax or regulatory purposes. 
To request to review, update, or delete your personal information or to otherwise reach us, please submit a request by e-mailing us at grievanceid@purplle.com
Grievance Officer 
The Company shall appoint a Grievance Officer and all queries with respect to the implementation and extent of the Privacy Policy shall be directed to such person. In the event you have any grievances or queries regarding this privacy policy you may contact Mr. Rahul Dash at grievanceid@purplle.com. The Grievance Officer at the time of constitution of this policy is Mr. Rahul Dash and you may contact him at grievanceid@purplle.com.
100% Secure Payment
All major credit & debit cards accepted.
Beauty Assistant
Tell me what you are looking for and i will work my magic to help you find your perfect match.
Help Center
Got a question? Look no further. Browse FAQs or submit your query.
Spotlight
Shop on the go
The Purplle BFF APP is now fully loaded! Get downloading now on both iOS & Android 
Makeup.
Primer / Lipstick / Foundation / Eyeshadow / Eyeliner / Kajal / Concealer / Nail Polish / Compact / Mascara / Highlighters & illuminators / Makeup Remover / BB & CC Cream / Lip Balm & Treatment / Eyebrow Enhancer / Loose Powder / Blush / Makeup Kits / Setting sprays & fixers / Gel Nail polish. 
Skin.
Face Pack Masks & Peels / Serum & Facial Oils / Face wash / Facial Kits / Face Cream / Moisturizers / Toner / Essential & Carrier Oils / Sheet Masks / Scrubs & Exfoliators / Lip Balm & Care / Sunscreen / Body Lotions & Moisturizers / Night Cream / Body Wash & Shower Gels / Hand Sanitizer / Face Mist / Lip Scrub / Body Creams & Body Butters / Hand Cream. 
Hair.
Shampoo / Conditioner / Hair Serum / Hair Oil / Hair Spa & Masque / Hair Treatment / Baby Shampoo / Dry Shampoo / Hair Spa Kits / Hair Nourishment Kit / Hair Color / Hair Fiber / Hair Spray & Leave-in cream / Volumizing / Hair Extensions / Mousse Gels & Wax / Hair Styling Tool / Hair Accessories. 
Fragrance.
Perfumes / Deodrants & Roll-ons / Solid Perfumes / Aftershaves / Colognes / Gift & Value sets for men / Gift & Value sets for women. 
Collections.
Castor Oil / Pastel Nail Polish / Lakme 9 to 5 / Black Kajal / Sunscreen. 
Brands.
Biotique / Wow / Dermdoc / Himalaya / Darling Isabella / Maybelline / Loreal / Good Vibes / NY Bae / Stay Quirky / Aroma Magic / Alps Goodness / Lotus / Purplle / Sugar / Nivea / Lakme. 
Men.
Perfumes / Deodrants & Roll-ons / Face Wash / Shower Gels / Soap / Body Scrub / Talc / Shaving Cream / Beard Oil / Razors / Aftershave / Beard Wash / Grooming Kits / Shaving Accessories / Hair Styling / Trimmers. 
Accessories.
Necklaces & Pendants / Earrings / Rings / Bangles & Braclets / Clips Bands & More. 
Electronics.
Hair Straightener / Hair Curler / Hair Dryer / Electric Shaver / Trimmers & Clippers / Epilators / Massager. 
Wellness.
Health & Wellness supplements / Vitamins & supplements / Weight Management products / Family Nutrition / Sports Supplements / Green Tea / Herbal Tea / Healthy Juices & Drinks. 
Blogs.
Home remedies for dandruff / How to apply eyeliner / Tips for lips care / Home Remedies For Hair Fall / Best Sunscreen Lotions / Home Remedies For Acne And Pimples / Home Remedies For Whiteheads / Home Remedies For Suntan / Serum For Oily, Dry And Sensitive Skin / Choose The Right Serum For Your Skin / Body Lotion For Dry Skin / Home Remedies For Hyperpigmentation. 
Purplle
About us
Our Team
Careers
Press
Sitemap
Compliance
Purplle Business
Sell on Purplle
Policy Info
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Return & Cancellation Policy
Need Help?
FAQ's
Contact Us
PAYMENT
CONNECT
Copyright 2020 Purplle. All Rights Reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.