USA/ENGLISH 
USA/ESPAÑOL 
Choose Your Location 
Welcome to the 
! Please enjoy our special offers for you 
SPECIAL OFFERS
Samsung
Log In/Sign Up
Shop 
Shop
Offers 
All Offers 
Phones 
TV & Home Theater 
Appliances 
Kitchen Packages 
Watches & Audio 
Tablets & Computing 
Monitor, Memory & Storage 
Offer Programs 
All Offer Programs 
Education Offers Program 
First Responders Offers Program 
Military Offers Program 
Government Offers Program 
Employee Offers Program 
Galaxy Campus Store 
Gift Ideas 
Gift guides 
Gifts under $1000 
Gifts under $500 
Gifts under $200 
Buying Guides 
Mobile Buying Guide NEW
TV Buying Guide 
Home Appliance Buying Guides 
Trade-in & Upgrade 
Mobile and Tablet Trade-In 
TV Upgrade 
Gaming 
Gaming Portal NEW
Smart Ways to Shop 
Samsung Financing 
Samsung Rewards 
Samsung Shop App 
TV & Phone Subscriptions 
Klarna Pay in 4 
Samsung Lease to Own 
Samsung Referral Program HOT
Samsung Money by SoFi 
Additional Offers 
Redeem Retail Offers 
Home Appliances Rebates 
Samsung Carrier Stores 
Discover Samsung Event 
Why Shop Samsung.com 
Samsung Outlet 
Shop Samsung Outlet 
Mobile 
Mobile
Discover Mobile 
Smartphones 
Tablets 
Watches 
Galaxy Buds 
Accessories 
Why Switch 
Why Galaxy 
Certified Re-Newed 
Connected Galaxy 
Apps & Services 
Mobile Buying Guide 
Shop All Mobile 
New & Featured
NEW
Galaxy Z Fold5 
NEW
Galaxy Z Flip5 
Galaxy S23 Ultra 
NEW
Galaxy Tab S9 Series 
NEW
Galaxy Watch6 Series
Galaxy Buds2 Pro 
Galaxy S23. S23+ 
Galaxy A54 5G 
Galaxy S22 Ultra 
TV & Audio 
TV & Audio
TVs 
Discover TVs 
Neo QLED NEW
OLED DEAL
QLED 4K HOT
The Frame DEAL
The Terrace 
The Sero 
The Serif 
Crystal 4K UHD 
Shop All TVs 
TVs by Size 
98+ inch TVs NEW
85+ inch TVs NEW
75+ inch TVs 
65+ inch TVs 
55+ inch TVs 
43+ inch TVs 
32 inch TVs 
What size should I get? 
TVs by Resolution 
4K TVs NEW
8K TVs 
Why 8K 
Projectors 
The Freestyle 2nd Gen NEW
The Premiere 
Shop All Projectors 
Micro LED 
Discover MICRO LED 
Home Audio 
Discover Home Audio 
Q Series Premium Soundbars DEAL
Ultra Slim Soundbars DEAL
Soundbars with Subwoofer 
All-in-One Soundbars 
Sound Tower Party Audio HOT
Find the right Soundbar 
Shop All Home Audio 
Additional Resources 
TV & Audio Bundle NEW
TV Buying Guide 
Lifestyle TVs 
Smart TVs 
TVs for Gaming 
Accessories 
TV Accessories 
Home Audio Accessories 
Appliances 
Appliances
Bespoke 
Bespoke Home 
Bespoke Design Studio 
MyBespoke Custom Panels NEW
Bespoke Kitchen 
Bespoke Refrigerators HOT
Bespoke AI Laundry HOT
Bespoke Vacuums NEW
Kitchen 
Refrigerators 
Ranges 
Dishwashers 
Microwaves 
Wall Ovens 
Cooktops 
Range Hoods 
Kitchen Packages 
Laundry 
Discover Laundry 
Washers 
Dryers 
AirDresser 
Washer & Dryer Sets 
Vacuums 
Discover Vacuums 
Jet Stick Vacuums HOT
Robot Vacuums 
Shop all Vacuums 
Air Purifiers 
Shop all Air Purifiers 
Accessories 
Bespoke Refrigerator Panels 
Refrigerator Water Filters 
Laundry Accessories 
Range Accessories 
Vacuum Accessories 
Air Purifier Accessories 
All Appliance Accessories 
Dacor Appliances 
Discover Dacor Appliances 
All Appliances 
Discover Appliances 
Home Appliance Buying Guides 
Build your Bundle 
Offers 
Home Appliances Rebates 
Outlet 
Energy Efficient Appliances ECO
IRA Rebate Programs NEW
SmartThings Home HOT
Family Hub 
Computing 
Computing
Galaxy Books 
Discover Galaxy Books 
Galaxy Book3 Series 
Galaxy Book3 Ultra 
Galaxy Book3 Pro 360 
Galaxy Book3 Pro 
Galaxy Book3 360 
Galaxy Book3 
Galaxy Book2 Pro 360 5G NEW
Windows 11 
Shop all Galaxy Books 
Galaxy Book By Size 
"-16.0" 
"-14.9" 
All Galaxy Book by Size 
Chromebooks 
Discover Chromebooks 
Galaxy Chromebook 2 360 
Galaxy Chromebook 2 
Galaxy Chromebook 
Shop all Chromebooks 
Tablets 
Discover Tablets 
Galaxy Tab S9 Ultra I S9+ I S9 NEW
Galaxy Tab S8 Ultra I S8+ I S8 
Galaxy Tab S7 FE 
Galaxy Tab S6 Lite 
Galaxy Tab A8 
Galaxy Tab A7 Lite 
Shop all Tablets 
Monitors 
Discover Monitors 
OLED Gaming Monitor 
Odyssey Gaming Monitors 
Smart Monitor 
High Resolution 
Business Monitors 
Shop all Monitors 
Memory & Storage 
Discover Memory & Storage 
Internal SSDs DEAL
Portable SSDs DEAL
Memory Cards 
USB Flash Drives 
Discover Gaming SSDs 
SSD Magician Software 
Shop all Memory & Storage 
Displays 
Displays
Monitors 
Discover Monitors 
OLED Gaming Monitor NEW
Odyssey Gaming Monitors 
Smart Monitor 
High Resolution 
Business Monitors 
Shop all Monitors 
Consumer Displays 
Interactive Displays 
The Wall All-In-One 
Pro TV 
Pro TV Terrace Edition 
Business Signage 
Discover Business Signage 
4K UHD 
8K QLED 
Video Wall 
Video Wall 
Outdoor & Window 
Interactive 
Kiosk 
Small & Specialty 
Accessories 
Business TVs 
Discover Business TVs 
Pro TV 
Pro TV Terrace Edition 
Hotel TVs 
Healthcare TVs 
Industry Solutions 
Education Signage 
Live Events and Sports Signage 
Corporate Signage 
Retail Signage 
Quick-Service Restaurant Signage 
Hospitality Signage 
Software & Services 
Custom A/V Home Installations 
Hotel Device & Content Management 
MagicINFO, Signage Content Management 
Samsung VXT CMS NEW
Accessories 
Accessories
All Accessories 
Shop All Accessories 
Mobile Accessories 
All Accessories 
Phone Accessories 
Tablet Accessories 
Wearable Accessories 
Buds Accessories 
SmartThings Accessories 
TV & Audio Accessories 
All TV Accessories 
TV Stands 
TV Wall Mounts 
TV Bezels 
JBL Audio NEW
All Home Audio Accessories 
Appliance Accessories 
Bespoke Refrigerator Panels 
Refrigerator Water Filters 
Laundry Accessories 
Range Accessories 
Vacuum Accessories 
Air Purifier Accessories 
All Accessories 
Computing Accessories 
Shop All Accessories 
SmartThings 
SmartThings
SmartThings in Action 
Discover SmartThings 
Save Energy 
Immersive Entertainment 
Home Security 
Pet Care 
Wellness Routine 
All about SmartThings 
SmartThings in the Home 
Download SmartThings App 
Set up SmartThings 
Discover Samsung Event 
Explore 
Explore
Collections 
Gaming Portal NEW
Work From Home 
Buying Guides 
Mobile Buying Guide NEW
TV Buying Guide 
Home Appliance Buying Guides 
Sustainability 
Sustainability at Samsung 
Shop Eco-Innovation 
Sustainable Materials 
Renewable Energy 
Energy Efficiency 
Responsible Recycling 
Certified Re-Newed Products 
Find Energy Efficiency Rebates 
How to Recycle 
IRA Rebate Programs NEW
Explore Articles 
Explore All 
How To 
Sustainability 
Photography 
Life Hacks 
Brand 
Entertainment 
Gaming 
Food & Home 
Wellbeing 
Samsung Experiences 
Samsung 837 Flagship Store 
Samsung Experience Stores 
Galaxy Creator Collective HOT
Galaxy Collaborations 
Meet Team Galaxy 
CES 2023 
Samsung Live 
Samsung Live Shopping 
Support 
Support
Product Support 
Support Home 
Register a Product 
Manuals & Software 
Interactive Simulators 
Video Tutorial 
Community 
Order Support 
Track Your Orders 
Order Help 
Repair Services 
Request a Repair 
Find a Service Center 
Check Repair Status 
Self-Repair Program 
Find Mobile Care 
Find TV and Appliance Care 
Eco-Conscious Service 
Warranty Services 
Warranty Information 
Samsung Care+ 
Samsung Care+ Mobile 
Contact 
Product Help 
Order Help 
Additional Services 
Smart Switch 
Set up SmartThings 
For Business 
For Business
Business Home 
Discover Business 
Business Account 
Volume Pricing 
Business Trade-In 
Business Financing 
Tax Exemption 
Product Support 
Order Support 
Why Buy Direct 
Business Offers 
Discover Business Offers 
Smartphones 
Rugged Devices 
Tablets & Laptops 
Display & TVs 
Monitors 
Appliances 
Memory & Storage 
Watches & Accessories 
Galaxy for Business 
Discover Galaxy for Business 
Galaxy Z Fold5 
Galaxy Z Flip5 
Galaxy Tab S9 Series 
Galaxy Watch6 
Galaxy Watch 6 Classic 
Smartphones 
Rugged Devices 
Certified Re-Newed 
Knox Security 
Knox Software & Services 
Care+ for Business 
Computing 
Discover Computing 
Tablets 
Galaxy Book PC 
Chromebooks 
Monitors 
Memory & Storage 
Indoor & Outdoor Displays 
Discover Indoor & Outdoor Displays 
Pro TV 
4K UHD Signage 
8K QLED Signage 
Interactive & Touch Screen 
LED Video Wall 
LCD Video Wall 
Outdoor & Windows 
Small & Specialty Signage 
Hospitality TV 
Healthcare TV 
Appliances 
Discover Appliances 
Kitchen Packages 
Washer & Dryer Pairs 
Builder 
Search
Cart Number of Products log In
Cart Number of Products sign in/Create Account 
Cart Number of Products why Create an Account? 
Cart Number of Products track your orders 
Cart Number of Products business Account 
Open My Menu
My Page & Products
My Rewards
My Orders
Log Out
Hamburger
Your cart is empty.
OK 
Layer Popup Close
Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.
OK 
Layer Popup Close
Remove a Product
Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed. 
Are you sure to remove this product?
Move to wish list Delete 
Layer Popup Close
Check Preferences
Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.
YES LATER
Close Check Preferences
What are you looking for?
Search form
Close Search Samsung.com Cancel Search
Galaxy S23 Ultra 
Galaxy Buds
Galaxy Watch 5
Galaxy A54
Best TV deals
Best Appliances deals
Suggested Searches
NO SUGGESTIONS
Search History
Clear All 
Related Searches
Matched Contents
Galaxy Note Galaxy Z Flip Galaxy S The Frame QLED 8K Galaxy A Certified Re-Newed
Trending Now 
Galaxy Buds2 Pro
Galaxy S23 Ultra
Galaxy Z Fold5
Galaxy Watch6
Galaxy Tab S9
Galaxy Book3 Ultra
Galaxy Book3 
Odyssey gaming monitor
Crystal UHD 4K TV
The Frame
Over-The-Range Microwave
Jet Cordless Stick
Top Load Washer
Electric Dryer
Dial Washer
Click here to start a conversation with our product experts.
Cancel
SAMSUNG PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE U. S.
Last Updated: December 30, 2022
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "Samsung"), know how important privacy is to our customers. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we may obtain online across all of our Internet-connected Samsung devices and services (from mobile phones and tablets to TVs, home appliances, online services, and more) (collectively, our "Services"), and how we may use and disclose that information. We also explain the choices available to you regarding our use of the information, the steps we take to safeguard the information, and how you how may contact us if you have any questions about our privacy practices. 
In addition to this Privacy Policy, we provide additional information about our privacy practices related to particular Services where appropriate. You can review such information before enabling such Services. 
Click on the links below to learn more information We Obtain 
Click on the links below to learn more how We Use the Information We Obtain 
Click on the links below to learn more information Sharing 
Click on the links below to learn more links To Other Websites, Devices, Apps, And Features 
Click on the links below to learn more your Rights and Choices 
Click on the links below to learn more notice To California Residents 
Click on the links below to learn more how We Protect Personal Information 
Click on the links below to learn more children's Personal Information 
Click on the links below to learn more updates To This U. S. Privacy Policy 
Click on the links below to learn more how To Contact Us 
Information We Obtain
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: contact information (including your name, email address, postal address, and phone number).
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: payment card information (including your name, card number, expiration date, and security code).
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: user coupon or gift card number.
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: date of birth.
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: demographic data (e.g., gender and age range).
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: information stored in or associated with your Samsung Account (including your Samsung Account profile, ID, username, and password).
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: username and password for participating third-party devices, apps, features, or services.
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: information you store on your device, such as photos, contacts, text logs, and calendar information, when you back-up your device or use a feature that requires collection (such as when you share it with other users).
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: recordings of your voice when you use voice commands to control a Service, or when you contact our Customer Service team.
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: transcripts of chat sessions, text messages, emails, and other communications when you communicate with us using these methods.
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: information about products and services you purchase, obtain, or consider; and
We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: location data (including the precise geolocation of your device if you consent to the collection of this data and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services).
We may obtain certain information about you from publicly or commercially-available sources and from third parties who perform services for us. We also may obtain other information about you, your devices, and your use of the Services, in ways we describe at the time we collect the information or otherwise with your consent. 
Information We Collect Automatically
Our Services collect some data automatically when you use the Services. We may obtain information by automated means such as through browser cookies, pixels, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. Among other purposes, these technologies help us remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it, track and understand how you use and interact with the Services, tailor the Services around your preferences, manage and measure the usability of the Services, understand the effectiveness of our communications, and otherwise enhance the Services. 
Information we may collect automatically includes information about 
your device, including MAC address, IP address, log information, device model, hardware model, IMEI number, serial number, subscription information, device settings, connections to other devices, mobile network operator, web browser characteristics, app usage information, sales code, access code, current software version, MNC, subscription information, and randomized, non-persistent and resettable device identifiers, such as Personalized Service ID (or PSID), and advertising IDs, including Google Ad ID.
your use of the Services, including clickstream data, your interactions with the Services (such as the web pages you visit, search terms, and the apps, services and features you use, download, or purchase), the pages that lead or refer you to the Services, how you use the Services, and dates and times of use of the Services; and
your use of third-party websites, apps and features that are connected to certain Services.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking "help" on your browser's menu or visiting website_url_lnk For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device. The Services are not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers. Please note that without cookies, you may not be able to use or benefit from all of the features of our Services. 
Information Stored on Your Device Not Accessible to Samsung
In addition to the categories of information obtained by Samsung discussed above, our Services may generate data automatically when you use certain Services (e.g. Samsung's face-clustering technology that allows the device to group together images of the same face from different photographs ("Face-Clustering Data")), or may utilize data that you generate independently (e.g. registering biometric data such as fingerprints to unlock your device or verify you in certain Services, or when you register your wake-up command in our Bixby Voice service). All of this data remains on the device and is not transmitted to Samsung, nor does Samsung obtain or access this data. Samsung does not share this data with third parties. Face-Clustering Data will remain on your device until you clear the cache in your system settings, you reset your device to its factory setting, or you delete the photos from your device. You can delete your registered biometric data or your wake-up command from your device at any time in the applicable settings. Because Samsung does not have access to this data, Samsung cannot delete it.
Third-Party Web Analytics Services
Through certain Services, we may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps, and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services on the Services, such as Google Analytics and Firebase Analytics. The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Services or help administer the Services. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit website_url_lnk To learn more about Firebase Analytics, please visit website_url_lnk. 
Online Tracking And Interest-Based Advertising 
Through certain Services, both we and various third parties may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. 
Samsung Ads
Our Samsung Ads service is designed to serve advertisements that are customized to users' interests on Samsung and third-party platforms, devices, websites, and apps. Samsung Ads may deliver customized ads based on your demographic characteristics, preferences, choices, and interests by collecting certain information about your online activities as specified in this Privacy Policy. Please see the Samsung Ads Privacy Notice website_url_lnk for more information, including information on how to opt out of receiving customized ads from Samsung Ads. 
Ad networks
Because Samsung participates in various advertising networks, you may also see our ads on other websites or mobile apps. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users' inferred interests, and browsing context. These networks can track users' online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of browser cookies, web beacons, pixels, device identifiers, server logs, and other similar technologies. The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals' interests, to track users' browsers or devices across multiple websites and apps, and to build a profile of users' online browsing and app usage activities. The information our ad networks may collect includes data about users' visits to websites and apps that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites or apps. This data collection takes place both on certain Services and on third-party websites and apps that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. 
To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the U. S., please visit website_url_lnk and website_url_lnk 
How We Use the Information We Obtain
We may use the personal information we obtain to provide and enhance our Services, such as registering you or your device for a Service, identifying and authenticating you so you may use and interact with our Services (such as your device) and third-party services, and improving and customizing your experience within the Services.
We may use the personal information we obtain to provide ads, which may include targeted (or interest-based) ads delivered on your Samsung device or within certain Samsung-branded apps (where targeted or interest-based ads are available, if you turn off targeted or interest-based ads, you will receive generic ads); 
We may use the personal information we obtain to support our marketing activities and sales initiatives, and provide you with product and service recommendations.
We may use the personal information we obtain to communicate with you.
We may use the personal information we obtain to provide customer support.
We may use the personal information we obtain to operate, evaluate, and improve our business, including developing new products and services, managing our communications, analyzing our Services and customer base, conducting market research, aggregating and anonymizing data, performing data analytics, and undertaking accounting, auditing, and other internal functions.
We may use the personal information we obtain to protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; and
We may use the personal information we obtain to comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, and our policies, including this Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms of Use for a Service.
We may combine information we obtain about you for the purposes described above. We also may use the information we obtain in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent. 
Information Sharing
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates and with service providers who perform services for us. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may share your personal information with our business partners, such as wireless carriers, as well as third parties who operate apps and services that connect with certain Services. This kind of sharing may be considered a "sale" under certain state privacy laws. 
We may share personal information we collect through the Services if you ask us to do so or otherwise with your consent. We also may disclose information about you in other circumstances, including to law enforcement authorities, government or public agencies or officials, regulators, and any other person or entity with appropriate legal authority or justification for receipt of such information, if required or permitted to do so by law or legal process.
We may share personal information we collect through the Services if you ask us to do so or otherwise with your consent. We also may disclose information about you in other circumstances, including when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity; or
We may share personal information we collect through the Services if you ask us to do so or otherwise with your consent. We also may disclose information about you in other circumstances, including in the event we may or do sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution, or liquidation). 
Links to Other Websites, Devices, Apps, And Features
The Services may provide the ability to connect to other websites, devices, apps, and other features, which may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy notices or policies. We strongly suggest you review them. To the extent any linked website, device, app, or other feature is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, use, or privacy practices. 
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. 
To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us, or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section below. 
The Services may offer choices related to the collection, deletion, and sharing of certain information and communications about products, services, and promotions that are unique to specific Services. You can access the relevant settings of each Service to learn about choices that may be available for that Service. If you decline to allow the Services to collect, store, or share certain information, you may not be able to enjoy full use of all of the features available through the Services. 
Subject to applicable law and to the extent applicable to each Service, you may request access to, or correction or deletion of, the personal information we maintain about you; request that we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information; or opt out of the sale of your personal information, sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, or processing of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes. In addition, subject to applicable law, you may receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, certain of your personal information that you have provided to us. Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to have this information transmitted to another company, where it is technically feasible. 
How to Submit a Request: To submit an access, deletion or correction request, click here or call us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864). To opt out of the sale of your personal information, sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, or processing of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, click here or call us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864). 
To submit a request as an authorized agent on an individual's behalf, please click here or call us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864). 
Subject to applicable law, you may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have submitted by clicking here. 
Notice to California Residents
If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see our California Consumer Privacy Statement at website_url_lnk 
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain safeguards designed to protect personal information we obtain through the Services. 
Children's Personal Information
Unless otherwise specified, the Services are designed for a general audience and are not directed at children. In connection with the Services, we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will either seek parental consent or promptly delete that information. If you believe that a child under age 13 may have provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. 
Updates To This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Services. We will indicate at the top of the policy when it was most recently updated. 
How To Contact Us
You can contact us to update your preferences, update or correct your information, submit a request, or ask us questions at privacy Office
Samsung Electronics America, Inc. 
85 Challenger Road 
Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660 
NAPrivacy@sea.samsung.com 
Footer Navigation
Shop
open
Phones
Tablets
Watches
Accessories
Mobile Audio
TV & Home Theater
Computing
Monitors
Memory & Storage
Home Appliances
Smart Home
Samsung Experience Store
Apps & Services
Shop Certified Re-Newed 
Samsung Authorized Reseller Program
Support
open
Chat with Us
Product Help
Order Help
Your Account
Register Your Product
Contact Us
Samsung Community
CEO's Office
Give Your Opinion
Offers
open
Offers
Samsung Rewards
Referral Program
Student & Education Offer Program
Government Offer Program
Military Offer Program
Employee Offer Program
First Responders Offer Program
Business Offer Program
Galaxy Campus Store
Sustainability
open
Overview 
Environment 
Digital Responsibility 
Security and Privacy 
Accessibility 
Labor & Human Rights 
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion 
Sustainable Supply Chain 
Corporate Sustainability 
Corporate Citizenship 
About Us
open
Leadership & Mission 
Our Business 
Brand Identity 
Careers 
Investor Relations 
Newsroom 
Ethics 
Samsung Design 
Copyright 1995-2023 SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved.
USA/ENGLISH 
USA/ENGLISH 
Privacy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal information
Legal
Accessibility Help
Sitemap
STAY IN THE LOOP?
Fast, easy checkout with Shop Samsung App 
Easy sign-in, Samsung Pay, notifications, and more! 
Get the app
Or continue shopping on Samsung.com 
The Shop Samsung app
Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.
GET
The Shop Samsung app
Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.
GET
You Are About To Be Redirected To Investor Relations Information for U. S.
Thank you for visiting Samsung U. S. Investor Relations. You will be redirected via a new browser window to the Samsung Global website for U. S. investor relations information. 
CANCEL
CONTINUE
Redirect Notification
As of Nov. 1, 2017, the Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. printer business and its related affiliates were transferred to HP Inc. 
For more information, please visit HP's website: website_url_lnk 
For Samsung Supplies information go to: website_url_lnk
For S. T. A. R. Program cartridge return & recycling go to: website_url_lnk
For Samsung printer support or service go to: website_url_lnk
Select CONTINUE to visit HP's website.
CANCEL
CONTINUE
Privacy and Cookie Preference Center
Our website contains online tracking technologies, including cookies, that are placed on your device to collect technical data and personal information regarding your interaction with our website and other online browsing behavior. We may disclose this personal information to third parties to support our digital advertising and marketing activities. For more information, please review our Privacy Policy. 
Opt-out from sharing of personal information for targeted advertising 
Residents of certain US states have the right to opt-out from sharing of their personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising. To see what opt-out of targeted ads options are available to you, please visit the Samsung Privacy Request Portal. 
Global Privacy Control ("GPC") 
You may choose to use a tool to communicate your choices through an opt-out preference signal, such as GPC on your browser or device, if available. Samsung honors GPC signals as a request to opt-out of sharing personal information for purposes of targeted advertising on our website. 
Manage Your Privacy Choices
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Confirm My Choices