< Privacy Policy
v2
Brand Waali Quality, Bazaar Waali Deal!
Impact@Snapdeal
Gift Cards
Help Center
Sell On Snapdeal
Download App
How can we help you?
Sorry!! No result found for "OK". Please press enter for search. 
Visit Help Center 
Search
Recent Searches CLEAR
Trending Searches
kitchen product
shoes for men
kurti set
sandal men
sport shoe men
saree
tshirt
wall stickers
Cart 0
Items Added To cart
Qty.0
VIEW ALL
Sign In
Orders
Shortlist
E-Gift Voucher
Logout
Your Account
Your Orders
Shortlist
If you are a new user
Register login
Help Center 
How can we help you?
Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and try again.
Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and try again.
Exchange offer not applicable. New product price is lower than exchange product price
Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page
Exchange offer is not applicable with this product
Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product
Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option
Please apply exchange offer again
Your item has been added to Shortlist.
View All
Your Item has been added to Shopping List
View All
Top Categories
Men's Fashion
Footwear
Sports Shoes
Casual Shoes
Slippers & Flip Flops
Sandals & Floaters
Formal Shoes
Loafers
Sneakers
Ethnic Footwear
Shoe Accessories
View All
Bags & Luggage
Backpacks
Laptop Bags
Hiking Bags
Luggage & Suitcases
Travel Accessories
Office Bags
View All
Clothing
T-Shirts & Polos
Shirts
Jeans
Trousers & Chinos
Innerwear & Sleepwear
View All
Winter Wear
Jackets
Sweatshirts
Sweaters
Thermals
Sportswear
T-Shirts & Polos
Trackpants & Tracksuits
View All
Men's Grooming
Shaving Creams & Gels
View All
Eyewear
Sunglasses
View All
Watches
Jewellery & Cufflinks
Accessories
Wallets
Belts
Hats & Caps
Gift Sets
Neckties & Cravats
Card Holders
Keychains
Suspenders
View All
Fragrances
Perfumes
Deodorants
Attars (Non-Alcoholic)
View All
Women's Fashion
Ethnic Wear
Sarees
Kurtas & Kurtis
Salwar Suits
Lehengas
Salwars & Leggings
Blouses & Petticoats
View All
Footwear
Heels
Flats & Sandals
Slippers & Flip Flops
Ballerinas
Casual Shoes
Sports Shoes
Ethnic Footwear
Floater Sandal
View All
Perfumes & Fragrances
Perfumes
Deodorants
Western Wear
Dresses
Tops & Tunics
T-Shirts
Shirts
Denims & Trousers
Pants & Palazzos
Innerwear
Nightwear
Sportswear
View All
Winter Wear
Outerwear & Jackets
Sweatshirts
Cardigans & Pullovers
Shrugs & Waistcoats
Maternity Wear
Handbags & Clutches
Handbags
Wallets
Clutches
Utility bags
Eyewear
Sunglasses
Spectacle Frames
Watches
Fashion Jewellery
Necklaces & Sets
Earrings
Bangles & Bracelets
Pendants & Sets
View All
Gold Coins & Bars
Fashion Accessories
Hair Accessories
Stoles & Scarves
Socks & Stockings
View All
Home & Kitchen
Kitchen Appliances
Juicer Mixer Grinders
Water Purifiers
Gas Stoves & Hobs
Chimneys
Induction Cooktops
Kettles & Coffee Makers
Choppers & Blenders
Sandwich Makers
Roti Makers
Electric Cookers
Air Fryers
View All
Kitchenware
Cookware & Bakeware
Kitchen Storage
Dining & Serving
Kitchen Tools
Pressure Cookers
Water Bottles
Tea & Coffeeware
Bar Accessories
View All
Home Furnishing
Bed Linen
Bath Linen
Blankets & Quilts
Curtains & Accessories
Mattresses
View All
Furniture
Storage & Display
Bean Bags
Tables & Desks
View All
Home Décor
Lighting Fixtures
Wall Decor
Gifts & Decor
Religion & Spirituality
LED Bulbs
View All
Home Improvement
Home Utility
Cleaning Mops
Plants & Gardening
Ironing Boards
Home Cleaning
Laundry Accessories
View All
Tools & Hardware
Power & Hand Tools
Bathroom Accessories
Electrical
Taps & Showers
Safes Lock & Door Fitting
Sanitaryware
View All
Pet Supplies
Dog Supplies
Cat Supplies
Fish & Aquatic Supplies
Bird Supplies
View All
Toys, Kids' Fashion & more
Toys
Toy Cars
Electronic Toys
Action Toys & Figures
Ride On & Scooters
Outdoor Toys
Soft Toys
Educational Toys
Toddler Toys
Dolls & Doll Houses
Activity Sets
Indoor & Board Games
Party Supplies
Bicycles & Tricycles
Kids' Footwear
Boys Footwear
Girls Footwear
Baby Footwear
Accessories
Eyewear
Kids' Watches
Kids' Clothing
Girls' Clothing
Frocks & Dresses
Lehenga Cholis & Sarees
Jeans & Pants
Suit Sets
Tops, Tees & Shirts
Leggings & Jeggings
Top & Bottom Sets
Boys' Clothing
Top Wear
Top & Bottom Sets
Bottom Wear
Ethnicwear
Innerwear
Nightwear
Baby Clothing
Top & Bottom Sets
Frocks, Dresses & Skirts
Rompers & Body Suits
Shirts, T-Shirts & Tops
Bottom Wear
Innerwear & Nightwear
Baby Care
Baby Mosquito Nets
Baby Blankets
Baby Carriers
Baby Strollers
Walkers
Feeding & Nursing
Lab Equipment
Stationery
Pens & Markers
Pencil Boxes
Files & Folders
Calculators
Diaries & Planners
Printing Papers
Notebooks & Writing Pads
Art & Craft Supplies
Photo Papers
Tapes
Card Holders
Staplers
Beauty, Health & Daily Needs
Beauty
Face
Eyes
Lips
Nails
Makeup Palettes
Brushes & Applicators
Personal Care & Grooming
Skin Care
Hair Care
Bath & Shower
Oral Care
Men's Grooming
Feminine Hygiene
Waxing & Hair Removal
Deodorants & Roll-ons
Sexual Wellness
Condoms
Lubes
Adult Sex Toys
Performance & Enlargement
Sexy Lingerie
Food and Gourmet
Tea, Coffee & Beverages
Noodles, Soups & Pastas
Biscuits
Breakfast Foods
Ready To Cook & Eat
Sauces & Dressings
Baking Essentials
Chocolates & Candies
Staples, Oils & Spices
Dry Fruits & Gifts Boxes
Nutrition & Supplements
Proteins
Vitamins & Minerals
Health Drinks
Meal Replacements
Weight Gainers
Workout Supplements
Muscle Support
Shakers
Health Monitoring Devices
BP Monitors
Diabetic Care
Weighing Scales
Body Fat Analysers
Respiratory & Heart Care
Thermometers
General Wellness
Massagers & Pain Relief
Mobility Rehabilitation
First Aid
Nicotine Gums
Baby Care
Diapers & Potty Training
Bath, Skin & Health care
Baby Food
Household Essentials
Detergents & Fabric Care
House & Kitchen Cleaners
Repellents
Air Fresheners
More Categories
Automotives
Automotive Accessories
Car & Vehicle Electronics
Car Stereos & Monitors
Car Speakers & Tweeters
Bluetooth Devices
Car GPS Navigation
View All
Car Accessories
Car Body Covers
Car Mobile Chargers
Car Mobile Holders
Car Foot Mats
Tyre Inflators
Car Fresheners
Air Purifiers & Ionizers
Biker Gear & Accessories
Bike Body Covers
Biker Protective Gear
Biker Raincoats
Helmets & Accessories
Helmet Accessories
Parts & Spares
Filters
Lighting
External Parts
Tyres & Alloys
Car Tyres
Bike Tyres
Mobile & Accessories
Mobile Cases & Covers
Printed Back Covers
Plain Back Covers
Flip Covers
View All
Power Banks
Ambrane
Intex
Syska
Mobile Accessories
Screen Guards
Cables & Chargers
Selfie Sticks
Bluetooth Devices
View All
Life Like
Top Selling Wearables
Memory Cards
Electronics
Speakers
Home Audio Systems
Bluetooth Speakers
Speakers
Headphone & Earphones
Headphones
Earphones
Headsets with mic
Audio & Video
MP3 & Media Players
Projectors
Audio & Video Accessories
All Large Appliances
Geysers
Immersion Rods
Room Heaters
Fans
Ceiling Fans
Table Fans
Exhaust Fans
Home Appliances
Microwaves & OTG
Air Purifiers
Vacuum Cleaners
Irons
Landline Phones
Home Security Systems
Sewing Machines
Grooming Appliances
Trimmers
Shavers
Hair Dryers
Hair Straighteners
Hair Curlers & More
Sports, Fitness & Outdoor
Sports & Fitness
Get Fit At Home
Home Gym
Dumbbells
Treadmills
Abdominal Exercisers
Exercise Bikes
Yoga Mats
Exercise Benches
Weighing Scales
View All
Get Ready For Gym
Sports Footwear
Fitness Gadgets
Sippers
Gym Gloves
Sports Nutrition
Gym Bags
Sports
Running
Cricket
Kids Cycles
Adult Cycles
Bicycle Accessories
Badminton
Football
Basketball
Skating
Archery and Shooting
View All
Hiking & Outdoor
Knives & Tools
Backpacks
Hiking Bags
Luggage & Suitcases
Travel Accessories
View All
Computers & Gaming
Printer Inks & Toners
Storage
External Hard Drives
Memory cards
Pen Drives
SSD
Networking Devices
Data Cards
Dongles
Routers
Office Equipment & Supply
Computer Accessories
Keyboards
Mouse
Webcams
Laptop Skins
Cooling Pads
Extension Cords
View All
Gaming
Gaming Accessories
Gaming Titles
View All
Computer Components
RAM
Internal Hard Drive
UPS
View All
Software
Antivirus
Operating System
View All
Books, Media & Music
View All Books
Top Exams
GATE
IIT JEE
NEET
BANK PO
UGC Net
UPSC
Browse by genre
School Texts
Competitive Exams
Academic & Professional
Children & Young Adults
Non-Fiction
Literature & Fiction
Self Help
Reference
Online Education
Courses under Rs 99
School Learning Online
Online Test Preparation
Musical Instruments
Guitars
Keyboards
Studio Essentials
Drums
Guitar Accessories
Keyboard Accessories
Indian Instruments
Tabla
Flutes
Other Instruments
Mouth Organs
E-Gift Cards
Cleartrip
MakeMyTrip
Movies & TV Shows
Indian Music
Hobbies
Arts & Crafts
Collectibles
privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS AN ELECTRONIC RECORD IN THE FORM OF AN ELECTRONIC CONTRACT FORMED UNDER THE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000 AND THE RULES MADE THEREUNDER AND THE AMENDED PROVISIONS PERTAINING TO ELECTRONIC DOCUMENTS / RECORDS IN VARIOUS STATUTES AS AMENDED BY THE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT REQUIRE ANY PHYSICAL, ELECTRONIC OR DIGITAL SIGNATURE.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS A LEGALLY BINDING DOCUMENT BETWEEN YOU AND SNAPDEAL (BOTH TERMS DEFINED BELOW). THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL BE EFFECTIVE UPON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE SAME (DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ELECTRONIC FORM, BY CLICKING ON THE "I ACCEPT" TAB OR BY USE OF THE WEBSITE OR BY OTHER MEANS) AND WILL GOVERN THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND SNAPDEAL FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE (DEFINED BELOW).
THIS DOCUMENT IS PUBLISHED AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (REASONABLE SECURITY PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES AND SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA OF INFORMATION) RULES, 2011 UNDER INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000; THAT REQUIRE PUBLISHING OF THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR COLLECTION, USE, STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA OR INFORMATION.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU INDICATE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND, AGREE AND CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. YOU HEREBY PROVIDE YOUR UNCONDITIONAL CONSENT OR AGREEMENTS TO SNAPDEAL AS PROVIDED UNDER SECTION 43A AND SECTION 72A OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000.
By consenting to provide us your information or by making use of the facilities provided by the Website, you hereby consent to the collection, storage, processing and transfer of any or all of Your Personal Information, Sensitive Personal Information and Non-Personal Information (Collectively referred to as "Information") by Snapdeal as specified under this Privacy Policy. You further agree that such collection, processing, use, storage and transfer of Your Information shall not cause any loss or wrongful gain to you or any other person.
Snapdeal Limited and its subsidiaries and affiliates and Associate Companies (individually and/ or collectively, "Snapdeal") is/are concerned about the privacy of the data and information of users (including sellers and buyers/customers whether registered or non-registered) accessing, offering, selling or purchasing products or services on Snapdeal's websites, mobile sites or mobile applications ("Website") on the Website and otherwise doing business with Snapdeal. "Associate Companies" here shall have the same meaning as ascribed in Companies Act, 2013.
The terms "We" / "Us" / "Our" individually and collectively refer to each entity being part of the definition of Snapdeal and the terms "You" /"Your" / "Yourself" refer to the users. This Privacy Policy is a contract between You and the respective Snapdeal entity whose Website You use or access or You otherwise deal with. This Privacy Policy shall be read together with the respective Terms of Use or other terms and condition of the respective Snapdeal entity and its respective Website or nature of business of the Website.
Snapdeal has provided this Privacy Policy to familiarise You with:
The nature of data or information that You agree to consensually share with or provide to Snapdeal and that Snapdeal collects from You under Your informed authorisation.
The purpose for collection of such data or information from You.
Snapdeal's information security practices and policies; and
Snapdeal's policy on sharing or transferring Your data or information with third parties. This Privacy Policy may be amended / updated from time to time. Upon amending / updating the Privacy Policy, we will accordingly amend the date above. We advise that you regularly check this Privacy Policy to apprise yourself of any updates. Your continued use of Website or provision of data or information thereafter will imply Your unconditional acceptance of such updates to this Privacy Policy.
Information collection, processing and storage of such Information: 
The "Information" (which shall also include data) provided by You to Snapdeal or collected from You by Snapdeal may consist of "Personal Information", "Sensitive Personal Information" and "Non-Personal Information". 
Personal Information:
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your user name along with Your password,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your name,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your address,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your telephone number,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your e-mail address or other contact information,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your date of birth,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your gender,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to information regarding your transactions on the Website, (including sales or purchase history),
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to your financial information such as bank account information, IFSC Code, Branch Name for processing refunds ,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to internet Protocol address,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to any other items of 'sensitive personal data or information' as such term is defined under the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices And Procedures And Sensitive Personal Data Of Information) Rules, 2011 enacted under the Information Technology Act, 2000.
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to identification code of your communication device which You use to access the Website or otherwise deal with any Snapdeal entity,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to any other Information that You provide during Your registration process, if any, on the Website. Such Personal Information may be collected in various ways including during the course of You registering as a user on the Website,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to any other Information that You provide during Your registration process, if any, on the Website. Such Personal Information may be collected in various ways including during the course of You registering as a seller on the Website,
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to any other Information that You provide during Your registration process, if any, on the Website. Such Personal Information may be collected in various ways including during the course of You availing services offered on the Website. Such instances include but are not limited to making an offer for sale, online purchase, participating in an online survey or contest, communicating with Snapdeal's customer service by phone, email or otherwise or posting user reviews on the items available on the Website, or
Personal Information is Information collected that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy may include, but not be limited to any other Information that You provide during Your registration process, if any, on the Website. Such Personal Information may be collected in various ways including during the course of You otherwise doing business on the Website or otherwise dealing with any Snapdeal entity. We may receive Personal information about you from third parties, such as social media services, commercially available sources and business partners. If you access Website through a social media service or connect a service on Website to a social media service, the information we collect may include your user name associated with that social media service, any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Website or otherwise deal with any Snapdeal entity through social media services or when you connect any Website to social media services, you are authorizing Snapdeal to collect, process, store, use and retain such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Otherwise doing business on the Website or otherwise dealing with any Snapdeal entity. We may receive Personal information about you from third parties, such as social media services, commercially available sources and business partners. If you access Website through a social media service or connect a service on Website to a social media service, the information we collect may include your user name associated with that social media service, any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Website or otherwise deal with any Snapdeal entity through social media services or when you connect any Website to social media services, you are authorizing Snapdeal to collect, process, store, use and retain such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information: 
Snapdeal may also collect information other than Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information would not assist Snapdeal to identify You personally. This Non-Personal Information may include your geographic location,
Snapdeal may also collect information other than Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information would not assist Snapdeal to identify You personally. This Non-Personal Information may include details of Your telecom service provider or internet service provider,
Snapdeal may also collect information other than Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information would not assist Snapdeal to identify You personally. This Non-Personal Information may include the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Google Chrome etc.),
Snapdeal may also collect information other than Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information would not assist Snapdeal to identify You personally. This Non-Personal Information may include the operating system of Your system, communication device and the Website You last visited before visiting the Website,
Snapdeal may also collect information other than Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information would not assist Snapdeal to identify You personally. This Non-Personal Information may include the duration of Your stay on the Website is also stored in the session along with the date and time of Your access, Non-Personal Information is collected through various ways such through the use of cookies. Snapdeal may store temporary or permanent 'cookies' on Your computer. You can erase or choose to block these cookies from Your computer. You can configure Your computer's browser to alert You when we attempt to send You a cookie with an option to accept or refuse the cookie. If You have turned cookies off, You may be prevented from using certain features of the Website.
Snapdeal may also collect information other than Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information would not assist Snapdeal to identify You personally. This Non-Personal Information may include ads: Snapdeal may use third-party service providers to serve ads on Snapdeal's behalf across the internet and sometimes on the Website. They may collect Non-Personal Information about Your visits to the Website, and Your interaction with our products and services on the Website. Please do note that Personal Information and Non Personal Information may be treated differently as per this Privacy Policy.
Snapdeal may also collect information other than Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information would not assist Snapdeal to identify You personally. This Non-Personal Information may include your installed packages information
You hereby represent to Snapdeal that:
the Information You provide to Snapdeal from time to time is and shall be authentic, correct, current and updated and You have all the rights, permissions and consents as may be required to provide such Information to Snapdeal.
Your providing the Information to Snapdeal and Snapdeal's consequent storage, collection, usage, transfer, access or processing of the same shall not be in violation of any third party agreement, laws, charter documents, judgments, orders and decrees.
Snapdeal and each of Snapdeal entities officers, directors, contractors or agents shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the Information that You or any other user consensually provides to Snapdeal. You shall indemnify and hold harmless Snapdeal and each of Snapdeal entities officers, directors, contracts or agents and any third party relying on the Information provided by You in the event You are in breach of this Privacy Policy including this provision and the immediately preceding provision above.
Your Information will primarily be stored in electronic form however certain data can also be stored in physical form. We may store, collect, process and use your data in countries other than Republic of India but under compliance with applicable laws. We may enter into agreements with third parties (in or outside of India) to store or process your information or data. These third parties may have their own security standards to safeguard your information or data and we will on commercial reasonable basis require from such third parties to adopt reasonable security standards to safeguard your information / data and which will be at par with the security standards applied by Us.
Purpose for collecting, using, storing and processing Your Information [Collectively called "Purposes"]
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to facilitate Your use of the Website or other services of Snapdeal entities.
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to respond to Your inquiries or fulfill Your requests for information about the various products and services offered on the Website; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to provide You with updated information about products and services available on the Website and to send You information, materials, and latest offers from Snapdeal; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to notify You important information regarding the Website, changes in terms and conditions, user agreements, and policies and other administrative information; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to send You surveys and marketing communications that Snapdeal believes may be of interest to You; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to personalize Your experience on the Website by presenting advertisements, products and offers tailored to Your preferences; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to help You address Your problems incurred on the Website including addressing any technical problems; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: if You purchase any product or avail of any service from the Website, to complete and fulfil Your purchase, for example, to have Your payments and refunds processed, to communicate with You regarding Your purchase and provide You with related customer service.
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: for proper administering of the Website; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to conduct internal reviews and data analysis for the Website (e.g., to determine the number of visitors to specific pages within the Website); 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to improve the services, content and advertising on the Website; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to provide value added services such as Single Sign On. Single Sign On shall mean a session/user authentication process that permits a user to enter his/her name or mobile number or e-mail address or any combination thereof and password in order to access multiple websites and applications.
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to facilitate seamless purchase experience while making a transaction by pre-populating the OTP received through SMS by you; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to facilitate various programs and initiatives launched by Snapdeal or third party service providers and business associates; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to analyze how our services are used, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements, for facilitating payments; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: for conducting academic research and surveys; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to protect the integrity of the Website; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to respond to legal, judicial, quasi-judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law.
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to conduct analytical studies on various aspects including user behaviour, user preferences etc.; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to permit third parties who may need to contact users who have bought products from the Website for facilitating installation, service and any other product related support.
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to implement information security practices; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to determine any security breaches, computer contaminant or computer virus; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities and suspected fraud, 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to undertake forensics of the concerned computer resource as a part of investigation or internal audit; 
Snapdeal collects, uses, stores and processes Your Information for any purpose as may be permissible under applicable laws (including where the applicable law provides for such collection, usage, storage or processing in accordance with the consent of the user) connected with a function or activity of each of Snapdeal entities and shall include the following: to trace computer resources or any person who may have contravened, or is suspected of having or being likely to contravene, any provision of law including the Information Technology Act, 2000 that is likely to have an adverse impact on the services provided on any Website or by Snapdeal.
You hereby agree and acknowledge that the Information so collected is for lawful purpose connected with a function or activity of each of the Snapdeal entities or any person on their respective behalf, and the collection of Information is necessary for the Purposes.
Access, collection, use and sharing post your Consent or at Your Direction.
By visiting our Platform or by providing your information, you consent to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and otherwise processing of your information (including sensitive personal information) on Snapdeal in accordance with this Privacy Policy. While providing your personal information over the Platform or any partner platforms or establishments, consent to us (including our other corporate entities, affiliates, lending partners, technology partners, marketing channels, business partners and other third parties) to contact you through SMS, instant messaging apps, call and e-mail for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. You have an option to withdraw your consent that you have already provided by writing to the Grievance Officer at the contact information provided below. Please mention "Withdrawal of consent for processing personal information" in your subject line of your communication.
Sharing and disclosure of Your Information
You hereby unconditionally agree and permit that Snapdeal may transfer, share, disclose or part with all or any of Your Information, within and outside of the Republic of India to various Snapdeal entities and to third party service providers / partners / banks and financial institutions for one or more of the Purposes or as may be required by applicable law. In such case we will contractually oblige the receiving parties of the Information to ensure the same level of data protection that is adhered to by Snapdeal under applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that, to the extent permissible under applicable laws, it is adequate that when Snapdeal transfers Your Information to any other entity within or outside Your country of residence, Snapdeal will place contractual obligations on the transferee which will oblige the transferee to adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
You unconditionally agree and permit Snapdeal to access and read your SMS to auto fill or prepopulate 'OTP' while making a transaction and to validate your mobile number.
Snapdeal may share statistical data and other details (other than Your Personal Information) without your express or implied consent to facilitate various programmes or initiatives launched by Snapdeal, its affiliates, agents, third party service providers, partners or banks & financial institutions, from time to time. We may transfer/disclose/share Information (other than Your Personal Information) to those parties who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of advertisements, providing customer / buyer services, facilitating payments, or conducting academic research and surveys. These affiliates and third party service providers shall adhere to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the above, We use other third parties such as a credit/debit card processing companys, payment gateways, pre-paid cards etc. to enable You to make payments for buying products or availing services on Snapdeal. When You sign up for these services, You may have the ability to save Your card details and UPI details for future reference and faster future payments. In such case, We may share Your relevant Personal Information as necessary for the third parties to provide such services, including your name, residence and email address. The processing of payments or authorization is solely in accordance with these third parties policies, terms and conditions and we are not in any manner responsible or liable to You or any third party for any delay or failure at their end in processing the payments.
Snapdeal may also share Personal Information if Snapdeal believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of various terms and conditions or our policies.
We reserve the right to disclose your information when required to do so by law or regulation, or under any legal obligation or order under law or in response to a request from a law enforcement or governmental agency or judicial, quasi-judicial or any other statutory or constitutional authority or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
You further agree that such disclosure, sharing and transfer of Your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information shall not cause any wrongful loss to You or to any third party, or any wrongful gain to us or to any third party.
Links to third party websites
Links to third-party advertisements, third-party websites or any third party electronic communication service may be provided on the Website which are operated by third parties and are not controlled by, or affiliated to, or associated with, Snapdeal unless expressly specified on the Website.
Snapdeal is not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by You from any third party website. Accordingly, Snapdeal does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such third party websites, nor does Snapdeal control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such third party websites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by Snapdeal of the third party websites, the website's provider, or the information on the website. The information provided by You to such third party websites shall be governed in accordance with the privacy policies of such third party websites and it is recommended that You review the privacy policy of such third party websites prior to using such websites.
Security & Retention
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. Snapdeal strives to ensure the security of Your Personal Information and to protect Your Personal Information against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. For this purpose, Snapdeal adopts internal reviews of the data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where Snapdeal stores Your Personal Information. Each of the Snapdeal entities shall adopt reasonable security practices and procedures as mandated under applicable laws for the protection of Your Information. Provided that, Your right to claim damages shall be limited to the right to claim only statutory damages under Information Technology Act, 2000 and You hereby waive and release all Snapdeal entities from any claim of damages under contract or under tort.
If you choose a payment gateway to complete any transaction on the Website then Your credit card data may be stored by the payment gateway (and not by Snapdeal) in compliance with industry standards/ recommended data security standard for security of financial information such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
Snapdeal may share your Information with third parties under a confidentiality agreement which inter alia provides for such third parties to not disclose the Information further unless such disclosure is for the Purposes. However, Snapdeal is not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your Personal Information. Snapdeal is not liable for any loss or injury caused to You as a result of You providing Your Personal Information to third party (including any third party websites, even if links to such third party websites are provided on the Website).
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, Snapdeal shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of Your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event (as defined below).
A Force Majeure Event shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of Snapdeal and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer, computer system or computer network, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption (provided beyond reasonable control of Snapdeal), power or electricity failure or unavailability of adequate power or electricity.
While We will endeavour to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure any Personal Information which We hold about You and prevent unauthorized access, You acknowledge that the internet or computer networks are not fully secure and that We cannot provide an absolute assurance regarding the security of Your Personal Information.
You agree that all Personal Information shall be retained till such time required for the Purpose and required under applicable law, whichever is later Please note here that theNon-Personal Information provided by You will be retained indefinitely.
User discretion and opt out
You agree and acknowledge that You are providing Your Information out of your free will and informed consent. You have an option not to provide or permit Snapdeal to collect Your Personal Information or later on withdraw Your consent with respect to such Personal Information so provided herein by sending an email to the grievance officer of Snapdeal on grievanceofficer@snapdeal.com or such other electronic address of the respective Snapdeal entity as may be notified to You. In such case, You should neither visit any Website nor use any services provided by Snapdeal entities nor shall contact any of the Snapdeal entities. Further, as a consequence of Your consent withdrawal Snapdeal may not be able to deliver products to You, upon Your order, or Snapdeal may deny You access from using certain services offered on the Website.
You can add or update Your Personal Information on a regular basis. Kindly note that Snapdeal is at liberty to retain Your Personal Information that you had provided previously through an informed consent.
Grievance Officer
If you find any discrepancies or have any grievances in relation to the collection, processing, storage, use, disclosure and transfer of Your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy or any terms of Snapdeal's Terms of Use, Term of Sale and other terms and conditions or polices of any Snapdeal entity, please contact the following
For Snapdeal Limited:
Mr. Deepak Kumar, the designated grievance officer under Information Technology Act, 2000 and Consumer Protection (E-commerce) Rules, 2020. E-mail: grievanceofficer@snapdeal.com
The details of the grievance officer may be changed by us from time to time by updating this Privacy Policy.
Business / Assets Sale or Transfers
Snapdeal may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including Your Information in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or business or in the event of bankruptcy. Should such a sale or transfer occur, such Snapdeal entity will reasonably ensure that the Information you have provided and which we have collected is stored and used by the transferee in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Any third party to which any of Snapdeal entity transfers or sells as aforesaid will have the right to continue to use the Information that you under an informed authorisation had provided to us or was collected by us immediately prior to such transfer or sale.
Further Acknowledgements
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy is clear and easily accessible and provide statements of Snapdeal policies and practices with respective to the Information.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy provides for the various types of personal and non-personal data of information to be collected.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy clearly provides for the purposes of collection, processing, usage and storage of the Information.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy provides for disclosure of Information; and
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy provides for reasonable security practices and procedures.
Last Updated on 27th APRIL 2022
Return form will be sent to your email Id
Remove Item/s
Remove below items from the cart
Confirm Cancel
100% Secure Payments
Moving your card details to a much more 
secured place
TrustPay
100% Payment Protection. Easy
Return Policy 
Help Center
Got a question? Look no further.
Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.
Shop on the Go
Download the app and get exciting
app only offers at your fingertips
Policy Info
Privacy Policy
Terms of Sale
Terms of Use
Report Abuse & Takedown Policy
Know Your BIS Standard
Products Under Cumpulsory BIS Certification
FAQ
Company
Impact@Snapdeal
Careers
Blog
Sitemap
Contact Us
Snapdeal Business
Shopping App
Sell on Snapdeal
Media Enquiries
Popular Links
Lehenga
Kid's Clothing
Sarees
Winter Wear
Subscribe
Subscribe
Succesfully Subscribed
Something went wrong. Please try again!
Please enter a valid email address.
Register now to get updates on promotions and 
coupons. Or Download App
Payment
Connect
Men shirts for Men /
Men casual Shirts for Men /
Men formal Shirts for Men /
Men hoodies for Men /
Men cotton Shirts for Men /
Men t Shirts for Men /
Men polo T shirts /
Men kurta Pajama for Men /
Men white Shirt /
Men black Shirt /
Men lower for Men /
Men trousers for Men /
Men jacket for Men /
Men formal Pants for Men /
Men tracksuit for Men /
Men jeans for Men /
Men kurta Payjama Sets /
Men kurta for Men /
Men blazer for Men /
Men sweater for Men
Women tops for Women /
Women kurti /
Women cotton Sarees /
Women georgette Sarees /
Women chiffon Sarees /
Women net Sarees /
Women dresses for Women /
Women jumpsuit for Women /
Women jeans for Women /
Women salwar Suit /
Women bra /
Women jacket for Women /
Women night Dress for Women /
Women sweatshirt for Women /
Women shorts for Women /
Women readymade Blouse /
Women dupatta /
Women t Shirt for Women /
Women shirts for Women /
Women skirts for Women /
Women ethnic wear for Women /
Women western Dresses for Women /
Women leggings for Women
Footwear men's Footwear /
Footwear casual Shoes for Men /
Footwear formal Shoes for Men /
Footwear loafers for Men /
Footwear slippers for Men /
Footwear boots for Men /
Footwear sandals for Men /
Footwear footwear for Women /
Footwear heels for Women /
Footwear sandals for Women /
Footwear shoes for Women /
Footwear sandals for Women /
Footwear slippers for Women /
Footwear boots for Women /
Footwear jutti for Women /
Footwear sports Shoes for Women
Home & Kitchen wall Painting /
Home & Kitchen wall Stickers /
Home & Kitchen dream Catcher /
Home & Kitchen rangoli Designs /
Home & Kitchen clock /
Home & Kitchen wall Clock /
Home & Kitchen alarm Clock /
Home & Kitchen diya /
Home & Kitchen bean Bag /
Home & Kitchen laptop Table /
Home & Kitchen study Table /
Home & Kitchen wall Hanging /
Home & Kitchen ceiling Lights /
Home & Kitchen table Lamp /
Home & Kitchen hanging Lights /
Home & Kitchen lED Bulbs /
Home & Kitchen torch Light /
Home & Kitchen lED Lights /
Home & Kitchen flower Vase /
Home & Kitchen keychain /
Home & Kitchen rudraksha /
Home & Kitchen screwdriver
Watch watch For Men /
Watch womens Watches /
Watch smart Watch /
Watch boys Watch /
Watch girls Watch
Home Furnishing bed Sheet /
Home Furnishing mosquito Net /
Home Furnishing mattress /
Home Furnishing curtains /
Home Furnishing sofa Cover /
Home Furnishing blanket /
Home Furnishing pillow /
Home Furnishing carpet /
Home Furnishing apron /
Home Furnishing quilt /
Home Furnishing floor Mat /
Home Furnishing towel /
Home Furnishing pillow Cover
Electronics bluetooth Speakers /
Electronics headphones /
Electronics earphone /
Electronics ceiling Fan /
Electronics geysers /
Electronics trimmer /
Electronics hair Straightner /
Electronics hair Dryer /
Electronics water Purifier /
Electronics mixer Grinder /
Electronics gas Stove /
Electronics electric Kettle /
Electronics computer Mouse /
Electronics computer Keyboard /
Electronics uSB & HDMI Cables /
Electronics computer Antivirus
Mobiles Accessories mobile Covers /
Mobiles Accessories leather Mobile Covers /
Mobiles Accessories printed Back Covers /
Mobiles Accessories tempered Glass
Snapdeal is India's leading pure-play value Ecommerce platform. Founded in 2010 by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal, Snapdeal is one of the top four online lifestyle shopping destinations of India. Snapdeal brings together a wide assortment of good quality and value- priced merchandise on its platform. Snapdeal's vision is to enable the shoppers of Bharat to experience the joy of living their aspirations through reliable, value-for-money shopping. With a personalized, multilingual interface and cutting edge technology, Snapdeal has simplified the shopping experience for its value-conscious buyers by showcasing the most relevant products- products that are a good functional fit with their needs and of a quality that lasts- thereby delivering true value to its customers. With its commitment to high service standards, Snapdeal suppliers operate under a well structured ecosystem that enables them to offer great quality products at affordable prices. With majority of the value-seeking, middle-income, price-conscious buyers coming from the non-metros, Snapdeal's logistics networks powered by third party logistics cover more than 96% of India's pin codes enabling order deliveries to more than 2500 towns and cities and expanding. Further, Snapdeal's mission is to become India's value lifestyle omni-channel leader. We are excited about continuing to build a complete ecosystem around value commerce, where we can serve Bharat consumers wherever they are on their offline to online shopping journey. Snapdeal is part of the AceVector Group and one of India's best-known e-commerce companies with an exclusive focus on the value segment.
Copyright 2021, Snapdeal Limited. All Rights Reserved
Made for Bharat
%0A%3Cscript+language%3D%22JavaScript%22+type%3D%22text%2Fjavascript%22%3E%3C%21--%0D%0A%2F*+You+may+give+each+page+an+identifying+name%2C+server%2C+and+channel+on%0D%0Athe+next+lines.+*%2F%0D%0As.pageName%3D%22marketingLandingPage%22%0D%0As.server%3D%22%22%0D%0As.channel%3D%22hooks%22%0D%0As.pageType%3D%22%22%0D%0A%2F*+Conversion+Variables+*%2F%0D%0Avar+HID+%3D+s.getQueryParam%28%27HID%27%29%3B%0D%0Aif%28HID+%21%3D+%27%27%29+s.eVar70+%3D+HID%3B%0D%0Avar+MID+%3D+s.getQueryParam%28%27MID%27%29%3B%0D%0Aif%28MID+%21%3D+%27%27%29+s.eVar58+%3D+MID%3B%0D%0A%0D%0Aif%28Snapdeal. Cookie.get%28%27vt%27%29+%21%3D+null%29+%7B%0D%0Avar+vt+%3D+Snapdeal. Cookie.get%28%27vt%27%29%3B%0D%0As.eVar64+%3D+vt%3B+%0D%0A%7D%3B%0D%0Aif%28Snapdeal. Cookie.get%28%27sd.zone%27%29+%21%3D+null%29+%7B%0D%0Avar+sd_zone+%3D+Snapdeal. Cookie.get%28%27sd.zone%27%29%3B%0D%0As.prop50+%3D+sd_zone%3B%0D%0A%7D%3B%0D%0A%2F*************+DO+NOT+ALTER+ANYTHING+BELOW+THIS+LINE+%21+**************%2F%0D%0Avar+s_code%3Ds.t%28%29%3Bif%28s_code%29document.write%28s_code%29%2F%2F--%3E%3C%2Fscript%3E 