This site uses cookies, but not the kind you eat
We use cookies to remember log in details, provide secure log in, improve site functionality, and deliver personalized content. By continuing to browse the site, you accept cookies. 
Change cookie settings Agree 
Android Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Menu
Rewards
Gift Cards
Find a storeSign inJoin now
Menu
Rewards
Gift Cards
Sign inJoin nowFind a store
Menu
All products
Featured
Previous Orders
Favorite Products
Account
Card management
My Rewards
History
Personal info
Payment methods
Privacy and data
Settings
Sign out
Android Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: October 10, 2022
Please read the following provisions, as well as the complete Starbucks Privacy Policy (located at website_url_lnk carefully to understand how Starbucks collects, uses and discloses personally identifiable information from its users, including with respect to the Starbucks mobile application ("Application"). By downloading, installing, accessing or using the Application, you consent to all actions that we take with respect to your data consistent with our Privacy Policy and the following provisions.
Notice of Financial Incentive
Starbucks Rewards is one way in which Starbucks endeavors to reward and thank loyal customers for patronizing our business and purchasing Starbucks products. Starbucks Rewards members opt in by signing up for Rewards online or through the Starbucks App and are able to earn and accumulate "Stars" that can be redeemed for Starbucks Rewards benefits at participating Starbucks stores. Starbucks collects and uses the personal information described above, including information you voluntarily provide us (such as your name and email), information we collect automatically, and information from other sources to operate the Starbucks Rewards program, including to send you promotions, content, and special offers and the other uses described in this Privacy Statement. Starbucks does not assign monetary value for the information we collect through the Starbucks Rewards program when sending email communications. You may opt out of receiving commercial email communications at any time by adjusting your Starbucks online account settings as described in How to Manage Your Account Settings, or by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included within any commercial email we send you. Participation in Starbucks Rewards is voluntary, and you may withdraw from the Starbucks Rewards program by visiting the Account section in the Starbucks iOS App, by requesting deletion of your information by filling out this form, or by calling Starbucks customer service. Based on our reasonable and good faith estimate, we receive value from Starbucks Rewards in increased customer loyalty and patronage, though any value will vary by Starbucks Rewards member depending on purchases made, which offers a member takes advantage of, and many other factors.
User Information
Some functionality of the Application, including using a device operating on an Android platform ("Device") to purchase Starbucks products in the same manner as is possible with a Starbucks stored value card ("Starbucks Card") ("Mobile Payment"), using the Application to order and pay for certain Starbucks products using a Starbucks stored value card prior to arrival at the store ("MOP"), location-based services and functionality, iBeacons or other location-based technology to enhance the user experience, and access of User's address book may require the transmission of information provided by the User including user names and passwords, addresses, e-mail addresses, phone number, financial information (such as credit card numbers), information related to a Starbucks Card, employer name, or GPS location ("User Information"). In order to use certain Application functionality, such as MOP and location-based services and technology, User must either enable "location services" in the Application; and set the permissions in his or her mobile device to allow communication of this information. If the User uses such Application functionality, the User consents to the transmission of User Information to Starbucks and its agents, and authorizes Starbucks and its agents, to record, process, and store such User Information as necessary for the Application functionality and for purposes described in the Starbucks Privacy Policy. Please see the Privacy Policy for more information about how we may use and store such User Information, and how to opt out of sharing User Information, including GPS location.
If you choose to use Application functionality that allow you to send messages or eGifts to third parties, you must obtain their permission to provide their personal information, such as their name, phone number or email address, to Starbucks. The referred information will be used by Starbucks for the purpose of contacting the third party, on your behalf, to carry out the requested functionality, for example, by emailing an eGift.
The User is solely responsible for maintenance of the confidentiality and security of any User Information which the User transmitted from or stored on a Device for purposes of the Application, including Mobile Payment and MOP, for all transactions and other activities undertaken with any Starbucks Card registered in the User's name, whether authorized or unauthorized. The User agrees to immediately notify Starbucks of any unauthorized transactions associated with the Application including Mobile Payment and MOP, or any other breach of security. Starbucks shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the loss or theft of User Information which the User transmitted from or stored on a Device or from unauthorized or fraudulent transactions associated with the Application.
Email Communications, Push Notifications, and In-App Messages
If a User signs up for a Starbucks account using the Application, the User is, by default, opted in to receive promotional email communications from Starbucks ("Email Communications"). The User may, at the time of sign up, opt out of receiving Email Communications from Starbucks. Thereafter, the User may opt out of receiving Email Communications solely by adjusting the User's profile settings in the User's Starbucks account via website_url_lnk
Similarly, upon download of this Application, the User is, provided the option to opt into receive push notifications from Starbucks on his or her Device. This may include promotional communications, offers, and system messages pushed to the Device or within the Application mailbox ("Push Notifications"). The User may, at any time following download of this Application, opt out of receiving Push Notifications by type by adjusting the "Starbucks Notifications" switch within the Application settings to "off", or within the Device's settings application under "Notifications" to completely opt out of Push Notifications. Opting out of Push Notifications will not affect User settings with respect to Email Communications.
Finally, by using this Application, in-app messages will automatically be displayed to the User via the Application's display tiles and sent to the User via the Application's inbox, including promotional communications and offers. If the User does not wish to see or receive such messages, the User must cease use of the Application.
About Us
Our Company
Our Coffee
Stories and News
Starbucks Archive
Investor Relations
Customer Service
Contact Us
Careers
Culture and Values
Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity
College Achievement Plan
Alumni Community
U. S. Careers
International Careers
Social Impact
People
Planet
Environmental and Social Impact Reporting
For Business Partners
Landlord Support Center
Suppliers
Corporate Gift Card Sales
Office and Foodservice Coffee
Order and Pick Up
Order on the App
Order on the Web
Delivery
Order and Pick Up Options
Explore and Find Coffee for Home
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Do Not Share My Personal Information
CA Supply Chain Act
Cookie Preferences
2023 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved.