Go to navigation
Go to main content
Go to search
Go to search
Go to footer
Main content
Privacy Statement 
Data Protection Notice
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for users of our websites and apps.
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for passengers.
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for individuals who use or may be interested in our services.
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for contacts at our business customers and partners.
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for individuals who contact us.
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for recipients of our newsletters, personalized offers, other marketing communication and activities.
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for participants in research campaigns, customer panels, customer satisfaction and opinion surveys; 
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for participants in events.
Security is the top priority of SWISS, and this includes the security of your personal data. In this Data Protection Notice, we inform you how and why we collect, process, and use personal data. This information is particularly intended for visitors of our company locations.
Please note that there is additional information on specific data processing (such as our Cookie Policy, the Travel ID Data Protection Notice, the SWISS World Cargo Privacy Statement, etc.). We also often provide you with the relevant information at the place where we collect your personal data. Please also consult the contractual conditions for individual services, for passengers in particular our General Conditions on Carriage.
We have based this Data Protection Notice on both the Swiss Data Protection Act and the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Whether these and other data protection laws apply depends on their scope in each individual case. 
If you provide us data about other persons (e.g. family members or friends for joint bookings), we assume that you are authorized to do so and that the data is correct. Please ensure that affected persons have been informed about this Data Protection Notice.
Transfer of personal data to countries outside Switzerland and the European Economic Area
Retention of personal data
Profiling, artificial intelligence and automated decision-making with legal effect
Data Security
Your rights regarding your personal data
Changes to our Data Protection Notice
Data Controller
Contact
Sources of personal data
Main purposes and legal bases for processing
Specific use cases, their purposes, legal bases, and further details
Legal bases according to the GDPR
Data disclosures
Transfer of personal data to countries outside Switzerland and the European Economic Area
Retention of personal data
Profiling, artificial intelligence and automated decision-making with legal effect
Data Security
Your rights regarding your personal data
Changes to our Data Protection Notice
Data Controller
Unless communicated otherwise, the controller of the data processing described in this Data Protection Notice is swiss International Air Lines Ltd.
Malzgasse 15 
4052 Basel 
Switzerland
Website: website_url_lnk
(hereinafter «SWISS», «we» or «us»)
Our EU-Representative pursuant to article 27 GDPR is swiss International Air Lines Ltd. Frankfurt Branch
Cargo City Süd 558 c 
60549 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany.
Contact
To exercise your data protection rights described in section 12, please use our data subjects' rights contact form.
If you have general questions or concerns regarding this Data Protection Notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer and team at the following address: swiss International Air Lines Ltd.
Data Protection Officer 
ZRHS/CJ 
PO Box 
8058 Zurich Airport 
Switzerland
dataprotection@swiss.com
Inquiries not related to data protection such as requests or feedback on individual bookings or services will not be answered nor forwarded by our Data Protection team. Please visit our Service Centre and use the appropriate contact form or reach out to your SWISS contact if you are representing a business partner.
Sources of personal data
You often disclose personal data to us yourself, for instance when you send us data or communicate with us. The provision of personal data is voluntary in most cases, which means that you are not generally obliged to disclose your personal data to us. However, we do have to collect and process the personal data that is required for processing contractual relationships and fulfilling associated obligations or that are prescribed by law as we would otherwise be unable to conclude or continue the contract in question. For example, you need to provide us with information that we are bound to transfer to local or foreign authorities, so we are allowed to carry you to your flight destination (see also section 4.4).
We may also collect personal data about you ourselves or automatically, such as when you book a flight or use other offers. This may be technical data about your device, data about the transaction or your behaviour. For example, we can analyse the data collected during the booking process and, on this basis, make assumptions about your personal interests, preferences, affinities, and habits. This enables us, for instance, to tailor our offers and information to your individual needs and interests (see also section 10).
We may also receive personal data from other companies of the Lufthansa Group. Further information about this can be found in 4.7. We may also receive information about you from third parties with which we cooperate, persons who communicate with us, or public sources.
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: cooperation partners, e.g. partners in a frequent flyer program such as Miles&More or PartnerPlusBenefit.
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: persons that act on your behalf (family members, legal representatives).
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: travel service providers you use.
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: banks, insurance companies, distribution partners, and other contractual partners for payments.
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: providers of online services, e.g. providers of Internet analysis services.
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: information services for compliance with statutory requirements such as export restrictions.
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: authorities, parties, and other third parties in connection with official and judicial proceedings; 
For example, we may receive information about you from the following third parties: public registers such as the debt collection or commercial register, from public offices, from the media, or from the Internet.
Main purposes and legal bases for processing
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: processing of contracts, for example, the processing necessary to conduct your flight and to provide other services (section 4.1).
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: information and marketing (section 4.2).
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: market research and product development (section 4.3).
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: compliance with laws and regulations (section 4.4).
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: security (section 4.5).
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: protection of rights (section 4.6).
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: administration and support within the Lufthansa Group (section 4.7).
In short, we process personal data for the following purposes: specific use cases (as described in section 5).
Processing of contracts (carriage and other services)
We process personal data in connection with the initiation, administration, and processing of contractual relationships. Contract processing also includes any agreed personalization of services. 
For example, a contract exists when you book a flight or other services.
For example, a contract exists when you use our apps or other online services.
For example, a contract exists when you use Travel ID.
For example, a contract exists when you book SWISS WorldCargo services for the company you work for; or
For example, a contract exists when you or the company you work for concluded any other contract with us.
If you are a passenger, we process the data you provide to us when you book a flight and other services to fulfil the contract of carriage and the respective service contracts. The necessary is indicated in the booking process (such as name, frequent flyer number, email address, phone number, payment information, travel documents etc.) and only stored if you complete the booking. Additional services may be offered by us or our partners and include advance seat reservation, additional baggage, pre-order of meals, upgrade options (including bid upgrade services), baggage collection and check-in service, travel insurance, accommodation, car rental, package deals and other services.
The purpose of contract processing generally comprises everything that is necessary or appropriate for concluding, executing, and, where applicable, enforcing a contract.
For example, this includes processing in order to communicate with you.
For example, this includes processing in order to provide customer service.
For example, this includes processing in order to manage frequent flyer programs (e.g. Miles&More, PartnerPlusBenefit), for instance to deduct and credit miles.
For example, this includes processing in order to administer and manage our IT and other resources.
For example, this includes processing in order to processing of payments and generally for accounting.
For example, this includes processing in order to store data in compliance with retention obligations.
For example, this includes processing in order to establish, notify, and, if applicable, publish winners of raffles or similar campaigns.
For example, this includes processing in order to assert legal claims from contracts (collection proceedings, legal proceedings, etc.).
For example, this includes processing in order to terminate and end contracts.
For example, this includes processing in order to prepare and conclude corporate transactions such as corporate acquisitions, sales, and mergers.
Our basis for this processing is the performance of a contract to which you are a party or for pre-contractual measures (article 6(1)(b) GDPR).
Information and marketing
We process personal data for relationship management and marketing purposes, for example in order to send you newsletters and offers to carry out marketing campaigns. These may include our own offers, those of other companies of the Lufthansa Group, or those of partners. Messages and offers may be personalized. We may use technologies that allow us to determine if the recipients have opened the message or interacted with promotional materials in another way.
If we ask you for consent, for example when you subscribe to a newsletter, our basis for this processing is your consent (article 6(1)(a) GDPR). If we process personal data for information and marketing activities without asking for consent, we concluded on a case-by-case basis that our legitimate interest forms a sufficient basis for that processing (article 6(1)(f) GDPR). See section 12 for information about your right to withdraw your consent or to object to processing.
Market research and product development
We process personal data in order to improve our services, for example, when we analyse data on the usage of our services. The basis for this processing is our legitimate interest (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
You may register for our customer panel to receive the opportunity to let us know your opinion on specific subjects related to our products and services. Members of the customer panel are invited at regular intervals, via e-mail, to take part in market research projects, such as brief online surveys, focus groups, product tests and in-depth interviews, for example. The information provided by a member such as address, age, gender, nationality, professional background and travel behaviour and habits is used to identify suitable surveys for the member. The information received in the course of a market research project is analysed in anonymized form. More information is available on the Lufthansa Group BetaLab website.
Our basis for the processing related to the customer panel and other surveys is your consent (article 6(1)(a) GDPR).
Compliance with laws and regulations
We process personal data in order to comply with legal obligations and to prevent and detect infringements. Our obligations may derive from Swiss laws and intergovernmental agreements or from the laws and regulations of any country worldwide, as well as self-regulations, industry and other standards, our own corporate governance, or official directives.
For the carriage of passengers specifically, we may be legally required to collect and disclose defined personal data to authorities in the countries on the itinerary. This may include the following personal data: advanced Passenger Information ("API data"): Basic information about passengers that is required by specific government authorities for entering and leaving the country. It includes the name, date of birth, sex, nationality, travel document data and e-mail address of passengers. API data also includes other data, such as flight information (e.g. flight number and arrival and departure times).
For the carriage of passengers specifically, we may be legally required to collect and disclose defined personal data to authorities in the countries on the itinerary. This may include the following personal data: passenger Name Record ("PNR data"): Information and data required for carriage (e.g. booking code, name, e-mail address, flight information, payment information and details of travelling companions), plus any additional data in connection with carriage, in particular information sent by you (e.g. frequent flyer information or special requests) or third parties (e.g. travel agencies).
For the carriage of passengers specifically, we may be legally required to collect and disclose defined personal data to authorities in the countries on the itinerary. This may include the following personal data: health data such as a specific immunization status.
For the carriage of passengers specifically, we may be legally required to collect and disclose defined personal data to authorities in the countries on the itinerary. This may include the following personal data: child travel permit, if a child is travelling alone or with one parent only.
This information is required for legal, security, regulatory and administrative reasons, which may include the following purposes: border control; 
This information is required for legal, security, regulatory and administrative reasons, which may include the following purposes: immigration formalities.
This information is required for legal, security, regulatory and administrative reasons, which may include the following purposes: to combat organized and international crime, terrorism, and other serious crimes.
This information is required for legal, security, regulatory and administrative reasons, which may include the following purposes: for public health purposes; e.g. orders by an authority for combating an epidemic or pandemic.
This information is required for legal, security, regulatory and administrative reasons, which may include the following purposes: other lawful purposes subject to applicable law.
Usually, such data is required by the authorities of the country of departure and arrival and therefore must be disclosed to Swiss and foreign authorities involved, such as criminal prosecutors, judicial, health or other administrative authorities. For example, the U. S. border authorities (U. S. Customs and Border Protection) receive API and PNR data when you book a flight between Switzerland and the USA. The U. S. authorities have given the same guarantees with regard to the use of data to Switzerland as they have to the European Union; they will only use the information for combating terrorism and other serious, cross-border criminal offences.
SWISS is also obliged to disclose your personal data to Swiss and under circumstances foreign criminal prosecution, judicial or administrative authorities if they require the disclosure in order to prevent or prosecute crimes, misdemeanours or administrative misconduct or for administrative duties.
Data transfers to authorities are based on our legitimate interest in complying with Swiss and foreign laws and in supporting the above-mentioned purposes (article 6(1)(c) and GDPR). If the processing relates to special categories of personal data (such as health data) the legal basis is Art. 9 (2)(a),(g) or and 10 GDPR.
Security
We process personal data for security purposes, for your and our security. Examples of processing for this purpose include measures for IT security.
We process personal data for security purposes, for your and our security. Examples of processing for this purpose include physical access control.
We process personal data for security purposes, for your and our security. Examples of processing for this purpose include video surveillance and the evaluation of recordings at specific premises for the detection and prosecution of criminal acts.
We process personal data for security purposes, for your and our security. Examples of processing for this purpose include measures for the prevention of theft, fraud and misuse.
We process personal data for security purposes, for your and our security. Examples of processing for this purpose include analysis in order to detect suspicious behaviour patterns and fraudulent activities.
We process personal data for security purposes, for your and our security. Examples of processing for this purpose include imposition of flight bans to "unruly passengers". "Unruly passengers" are passengers who display improper, aggressive, or violent behaviour towards other passengers or the crew, or who damage the aircraft.
We process personal data for security purposes, for your and our security. Examples of processing for this purpose include exchange of data within the Lufthansa Group and other airlines in order to document, analyse, and prevent cases of fraud and instances of "unruly passengers".
disclosure of data in connection with harm, injury and criminal acts to authorities and insurance companies.
Protection of rights
We want to be able to establish and enforce our claims and defend ourselves against the claims of others. Our claims may include claims of employees, companies affiliated with us and our business partners. We therefore also process personal data for the protection of rights, for instance in order to enforce claims judicially, before or out of court, and before authorities worldwide, or to defend ourselves against claims.
The legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interests in protecting our rights (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
Administration and support within the Lufthansa Group
The Lufthansa Group maintains and builds processes that serve all or several Lufthansa Group companies to improve efficiency and stay competitive. SWISS and other Lufthansa Group companies may therefore share personal data in order to support each other's processing purposes in accordance with this Privacy Notice (see section 7.1).
Examples of joint administration and support are the Travel ID.
Examples of joint administration and support are administration of IT including systems used by multiple Lufthansa Group companies.
Examples of joint administration and support are central storage and management of data used by multiple Lufthansa Group companies.
Examples of joint administration and support are training and education.
Examples of joint administration and support are the review or execution of corporate transactions such as corporate acquisitions, sales, and mergers.
Examples of joint administration and support are forwarding of inquiries that concern other Lufthansa Group companies.
Examples of joint administration and support are joint anti-fraud measures (see e.g. section 5.4)
Examples of joint administration and support are data sharing on "unruly passengers" (see section 4.5)
Examples of joint administration and support are generally, the review and improvement of Lufthansa Group-internal processes.
The legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest in efficient administration and support within the Lufthansa Group (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
Specific use cases, their purposes, legal bases, and further details
Website access
We collect information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files" when visiting our websites. These may include the following data: internet Protocol address (IP address) of the user's device.
We collect information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files" when visiting our websites. These may include the following data: internet service provider.
We collect information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files" when visiting our websites. These may include the following data: operating system, browser type and browser version used.
We collect information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files" when visiting our websites. These may include the following data: date and time of the server request.
We collect information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files" when visiting our websites. These may include the following data: requested website.
We collect information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files" when visiting our websites. These may include the following data: referrer URL (the website previously visited).
The data automatically collected as described above is processed for the purposes of proper functioning of our websites, e.g. for establishing a connection, ensuring stability and uninterrupted system security, to improve our services, and for statistical purposes.
The legal basis for the data processing is our legitimate interest in said purposes (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
On our websites, we also process personal data with so-called cookies and similar technologies for additional purposes such as analytics and marketing. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Display of advertisement on the SWISS Magazine websites
When you visit the SWISS Magazine website (URL: website_url_lnk and subpages), we process the data mentioned above in also for the correct display of non-personalized adds of third parties, to measure their performance, to ensure security, to prevent fraud and to correct errors. 
We currently use the service provider Goldbach neXT AG, Seestrasse 23, 8700 Küsnacht ZH, Switzerland who is IAB Europe TCF 2 certified for this processing (see section regarding our service providers).
The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purposes mentioned, which is after 30 days the latest. 
The legal basis for the data processing is our legitimate interest in said purposes (article 6(1)(f) GDPR). Personalization of ads requires your consent (see our Cookie Policy).
Payments on invoice and instalments
Credit checks help us to prevent problems in payment transactions. They ensure the protection of our company against financial risks, which may also affect prices in the medium to long term. A credit check may be necessary, if we provide our services without receiving the respective payment at the same time, e.g. in the case of a payment on account. Advanced payment options are available without credit checks.
In order to use the "Pay by Invoice" payment option, we may process your personal data (e.g. first name and surname, address, date of birth, e-mail address and mobile telephone number, as well as information on the outstanding amount, the currency used and the booking data), and the usage data of your SWISS website visits (e.g. information about the start, end and scope of the websites you visited, your IP address and click paths). If there is any suspicion of fraud, we will verify the assessment and the underlying evidence. You will be informed if your application has been declined.
The purpose of this processing is to provide the payment service, for identity and creditworthiness checks (this may also include obtaining references from other third parties, such as credit agencies) and for risk management (including fraud and abuse prevention and also with the involvement of further third-party companies). 
Currently, we give you the option to use the "Pay by Invoice" service by a third-party company according to its terms and conditions (e.g. Powerpay by MF Group AG). Please note that if you use this service, the service provider processes your personal data as independent controller according to its own data protection notice.
The processing by us or third parties necessary to fulfil a contract with you (e.g. terms and conditions you accepted) is based on article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Any other processing for the purposes mentioned above is based on our legitimate interests (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
Anti-fraud measures
We may verify payment transactions in order to prevent fraud and other improper usage. To this end, we use both internal and external sources of information. For this purpose, we also use distinct, identifiable technical features. If fraudulent activity is suspected and detected, we may share the relevant information (including personal data) with other Lufthansa Group companies which may also verify the data for their own purposes (see section and 7.1).
The basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest in anti-fraud measures (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
Star Alliance Biometrics
Star Alliance Biometrics is a Star Alliance product and enables voluntary biometric identification (facial recognition) of the passenger at the airport without a boarding pass or smartphone. SWISS currently offers the use of biometric services at the following access points: boarding for selected flights at Frankfurt and Munich Airports.
For the use of Star Alliance Biometrics, we process personal data as follows we transfer your Miles&More membership number and your name in encrypted form from the SWISS app to the Star Alliance Navigator app for registration with Star Alliance Biometrics. Your consent in accordance with article 6(1)(a) GDPR is required for this. Star Alliance is responsible for the further registration. Please read the Star Alliance Privacy Policy for further information about registration.
For the use of Star Alliance Biometrics, we process personal data as follows your Miles&More number and boarding pass information are transferred to Star Alliance to build a day-specific identification file ("Gallery of the Day"). For registered users, this is carried out based on their consent in accordance with article 6(1)(a) GDPR; for potential users with a Miles&More number, i.e. passengers who are not yet registered with Star Alliance Biometrics, this is carried out based on the legitimate interest in accordance with article 6(1)(f) GDPR to ensure smooth processing operations.
For the use of Star Alliance Biometrics, we process personal data as follows a short video sequence is recorded at the airport at those access points/devices that have integrated biometric services from Star Alliance Biometrics. A photo is extracted from this that is used to identify you.
For the use of Star Alliance Biometrics, we process personal data as follows this is carried out for registered users based on their consent in accordance with article 6(1)(a) GDPR. For non-registered passengers, i.e. passengers who may pass the access points/devices by chance, for example, this is carried out based on the legitimate interest in accordance with article 6(1)(f) GDPR to ensure smooth processing operations. SWISS transfers data as described above to Star Alliance.
The provision of this personal data is always voluntary, based on your consent to use the product Star Alliance Biometrics. Please note that without the provision of this information, the requested product cannot be provided.
Your personal Data will be deleted as follows your data will be deleted at the access points/devices as soon as the identification process has been completed or your data has been transferred. The data of non-registered passengers is deleted immediately.
Your personal Data will be deleted as follows the day-specific identification file ("Gallery of the Day") is generated and processed under the responsibility of Star Alliance, and is deleted on a flight-by-flight basis two hours after departure.
You can withdraw your consent to the use of biometric identification at any time. You can do so in the profile management section of the Star Alliance Navigator app by deleting your biometric profile there. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing based on this consent until the withdrawal of such consent.
No automated decision-making including profiling is carried out in connection with the use of biometric identification.
SWISS Chat Assistant (Chatbot Nelly) and other Chats
You can use the SWISS chat assistant to contact us and communicate with us on our website swiss.com. We recommend you to be cautious about disclosing personal data and only share information in the chat that is necessary for the service you would like to use.
Chat function
If you contact the chat assistant via a webchat, a session-based pseudonymised User ID will be assigned to you. The content of your inputs and the answers from the chat assistant will be stored with this User ID.
All data you enter in the webchat dialogue with the chat assistant in the course of the chat are passed to a service provider (see section 7 below) and processed there for the purpose of handling your enquiries. Your chat entries will be analysed to handle your concern and compared with the functionalities and information provided by us to our service provider. 
If it is not possible to handle your enquiries in this process step via a dialogue provided in the software, your input texts will be shared with another service provider (see section 7 below), who analyses them using special software and compares them with a knowledge database, whose content is also provided by us. Entries matching your input text will be sent back to you.
The legal basis for processing your data is article 6(1)(b) GDPR, if your concern relates to an existing or planned booking.
The legal basis for processing your data is article 6(1)(f) GDPR, to safeguard our legitimate interest in offering an optimal service to you and in the establishment, exercise, and defence of legal claims.
We delete your data transmitted via the SWISS chat assistant after 30 days. The 30-day retention period for the chat assistant function does not affect the retention period for personal data processed for the fulfilment of the contract of carriage (see section 4.1).
Live Chat function
If the chat assistant is unable to process your questions or enquiries, the live chat function of the chat assistant gives you the option of contacting our Service Centre staff. If you use this live chat function, the personal data you entered in the course of the chat is transferred to our service provider (see section 7 below) which will reply to you via the chat assistant on our website.
The legal basis for processing your data is contract fulfilment (article 6(1)(b) GDPR), if your concern relates to an existing or planned booking.
The legal basis for processing your data is our legitimate interest (article 6(1)(f) GDPR) in offering an optimal service to you and in the establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims.
Feedback function
You can also send us your feedback about the information provided by the chat assistant by using the "Thumbs up" and "Thumbs down" function. Your feedback will be stored combined with the progress of your webchat. If you wish to give feedback about the chat assistant, you have to request this explicitly by text input. You then have the option of entering your feedback in text form in the webchat.
The legal basis for processing your data is our legitimate interest in improving the functions of the chat assistant based on your feedback (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
Technical troubleshooting and quality improvement
If technical faults arise, we must analyse chat records in detail to identify the causes and correct them.
The legal basis for processing your data is our legitimate interest in quality improvement as well as to identify and correct technical faults (article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
We analyse all dialogues and your feedback to improve the functional quality of the chat assistant. To do so, all references to you are removed, so that only anonymized data is used for this purpose and your data cannot be analysed or linked with you. 
Facebook Messenger Chat
You can also contact us via the Facebook messenger service (hereinafter "Facebook Messenger") provided by Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (hereinafter "Meta"). Meta may process your data in the USA. Please be informed that, according to the European Court of Justice, there is no adequate level of protection for the transfer of personal data to the USA.
Please also note that Meta does not provide an end-to-end encryption for communication via Facebook Messenger and we are unable to provide encryption through additional technical measures. We also cannot prevent Meta from reading data that you reveal in the course of the chat, combine them other data and that this may be used for example for advertising tailored to your interests, or shared with third parties.
If you send us an enquiry via Facebook Messenger, you will be assigned a session-based, pseudonymised User ID by Meta. This will be transferred to us including your Facebook username. This will allow us to identify you again in the event of later enquiries via Facebook Messenger and place your enquiry in context with previous conversations with you. Meta additionally transfers your language and gender, which allows us to address you in a personalized form. No further data and information about you stored on Facebook will be transmitted to us.
We have entered into this Joint Controller Addendum with Meta to determine the respective responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under the GDPR with regard to the collection of your personal data and its transmission to Meta. Further information on how Meta processes personal data, including the legal basis Meta relies on can be found in Meta's Data Policy. Meta is responsible for enabling data subjects' rights regarding the Personal Data stored by Meta after the joint processing. You can contact Facebook via the contact methods provided. 
In the situation described above, we will ask for your consent in accordance with article 6(1)(a) GDPR that Meta may receive your data before your first contact via Facebook Messenger.
You can withdraw your consent with future effect at any time. To do so, please enter the word "Withdraw" in the Facebook Messenger dialogue window and confirm the withdrawal option offered to you, or follow the menu link "Data Protection" in the dialogue window.
Facebook Messenger Push Notifications 
If you contacted us via Facebook Messenger and gave us your consent there, we will send you information about your booking, for example that your flight is ready for check-in, providing you gave us your booking data via Facebook Messenger.
You can withdraw your consent with future effect at any time. To do so, please enter the word "Withdraw" in the Facebook Messenger dialogue window and confirm the withdrawal option offered to you, or follow the menu link "Data Protection" in the dialogue window.
The legal basis for the data processing is your consent according to article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Legal bases according to the GDPR
Depending on the applicable law, data processing is only permitted if the applicable law specifically allows it. This does not apply under the Swiss Data Protection Act, but it does apply under the GDPR. If not indicated for the respective purpose above, the processing of your personal data is based on one of the following legal bases: your consent, when we requested it, for example for newsletters, marketing cookies etc. (article 6(1)(a) GDPR); 
Depending on the applicable law, data processing is only permitted if the applicable law specifically allows it. This does not apply under the Swiss Data Protection Act, but it does apply under the GDPR. If not indicated for the respective purpose above, the processing of your personal data is based on one of the following legal bases: fulfilment of a contract with you or for pre-contractual measures, for example in the context of a booking with us or with one of our partners (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
Depending on the applicable law, data processing is only permitted if the applicable law specifically allows it. This does not apply under the Swiss Data Protection Act, but it does apply under the GDPR. If not indicated for the respective purpose above, the processing of your personal data is based on one of the following legal bases: compliance with a legal obligation, for example, our obligation as air carrier to communicate API data to the competent authorities based on EU Directive 2004/82/EU and article 104 et seq. Swiss Federal Act on Foreign Nationals and Integration (Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR); 
Depending on the applicable law, data processing is only permitted if the applicable law specifically allows it. This does not apply under the Swiss Data Protection Act, but it does apply under the GDPR. If not indicated for the respective purpose above, the processing of your personal data is based on one of the following legal bases: legitimate interests including our own interests and third-party interests, for example in enhancing customer satisfaction, in advertising and marketing activities, in safeguarding and organizing business operations, including the development of websites, apps and other systems, in protecting passengers, customers, employees, and other individuals, as well as data, secrets, and assets of the Lufthansa Group, in risk management, in selling and purchasing companies, parts of companies, or other assets, in the enforcement or defence of legal rights and claims and in complying with Swiss and foreign law as well as internal rules and regulations (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR).
Data disclosures
Companies of the Lufthansa Group
SWISS belongs to the Lufthansa Group. More information and reports by the Lufthansa Group and its companies are available in its Company Portrait. SWISS may disclose personal data within the Lufthansa Group in order to perform and fulfil its contractual obligations towards you, your booking requests or customer service. Disclosure may serve to facilitate intra-Group administration or support of the group companies concerned and their own processing purposes (see section 4.7).
We often work with other Lufthansa Group companies as joint controllers according to data protection law (for example, when you use Travel ID). We also often engage other Lufthansa Group companies as service providers (see section below).
Other companies and authorities
We may disclose your personal data to other companies if we make use of their services. These service providers generally process personal data on our behalf as so-called "processors". Our processors are obliged to only process personal data in accordance with our instructions and to take suitable measures to ensure data security. Certain service providers are also joint controllers (e.g. Meta as described in section 5.6) or independent controllers (e.g. service providers for "Payment on Invoice" as described in section 5.3). 
Examples include services in the following areas: travel technology.
Examples include services in the following areas: advertising and marketing services, for example for the delivery of messages and information.
Examples include services in the following areas: corporate management services, for example accounting or asset management.
Examples include services in the following areas: payment services.
Examples include services in the following areas: iT services, for example in the areas of data storage (hosting), cloud services, the delivery of e-mail newsletters, and data analysis and refinement.
Examples include services in the following areas: advisory services, for example the services of tax advisers, lawyers, management consultants.
In individual cases, we may disclose personal data to other third parties for their own purposes, for example if you have granted your consent or we are legally obliged or authorized to share such information. In such cases, the data recipient is legally responsible as independent controller of the data and usually provides its own data protection notice.
Examples of such cases include the following: the disclosure of personal data to courts and authorities within Switzerland and abroad (see for examples in section 4.4)
Examples of such cases include the following: the processing of personal data in order to comply with a court or administrative order, or to enforce or defend legal rights or claims, or if we consider such processing to be necessary on any other legal grounds. We may also disclose your personal data to other parties involved in any proceedings.
Examples of such cases include the following: the transfer of claims to other companies, such as collection agencies.
Examples of such cases include the following: the review or execution of corporate transactions such as corporate acquisitions, sales, and mergers.
Please take note of our Cookie Policy concerning independent data collection by third-party providers whose tools we have integrated into our websites and apps.
Transfer of personal data to countries outside Switzerland and the European Economic Area
As an airline operating worldwide, we transfer your personal data potentially in every country of the world according to this Data Protection Notice. The countries in question may not have laws that protect your personal data to the same extent as in Switzerland or the EEA. If we transfer your personal data to such a country, we will ensure the protection of your personal data in an appropriate manner.
One means of ensuring adequate data protection is, for example, to conclude data transfer agreements with the recipients of your personal data in third countries that ensure the required level of data protection. This includes agreements that have been approved, issued, or recognized by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, known as standard contractual clauses. An example of the data transfer agreements generally used by us is available on the website of the EU commission. Please note that such contractual arrangements can partially compensate for weaker or missing statutory protection but cannot rule out all risks completely (e.g. government access abroad). Data may also be transferred to countries without adequate protection in exceptional cases, for example if consent is granted, in connection with legal proceedings abroad, or if transfer is necessary for the processing of an agreement.
Retention of personal data
We retain your personal data for as long as it is required for the purpose of processing and compatible purposes, in the case of contracts normally for at least the duration of the contractual relationship.
We retain your personal data for as long as it is subject to a statutory retention requirement. For example, a ten-year retention period applies to certain data.
We retain your personal data for as long as we have a legitimate interest in storing it. This may be the case, in particular, if we need personal data to enforce or defend claims, for archiving purposes, and to ensure IT security.
Specific examples for retention periods based on our legitimate interest are the following: we generally retain contractual data for ten years after contractual expiry as claims may arise during this time (statute of limitation).
Specific examples for retention periods based on our legitimate interest are the following: shorter retention periods typically apply for other data, for example for recordings from video surveillance or for recordings of certain online processes (log data).
Specific examples for retention periods based on our legitimate interest are the following: at specific airports, we retain copies of your travel document typically for 14 days because we regularly need to produce proof to authorities that we checked the travel documents of passengers traveling from these airports.
Specific examples for retention periods based on our legitimate interest are the following: other retention periods mentioned in section 5 above and in other data protection notices.
Profiling, artificial intelligence and automated decision-making with legal effect 
«Profiling» refers to a procedure during which personal data is processed on an automated basis in order to analyse personal aspects or make predictions, e.g. the analysis of personal interests, preferences, affinities, and habits or the prediction of likely behaviour. Profiling is a common procedure across industries. Profiling supports us in specific purposes and has the respective legal basis as mentioned in section 4 and 5 above. For example, profiling helps us to
improve our offers on a continuous basis and tailor them to individual needs (section 4.3).
present our contents and offers to you in accordance with your needs (section 4.2).
show you advertisements and offers that are likely to be relevant for you (section 4.2).
support you better with our customer service (section and 5.6).
conduct credit assessment (section and 5.4).
There is not yet an internationally recognized definition for "Artificial Intelligence" (AI). As with all new technologies, SWISS commits itself to use such technologies in a responsible way. For example, we have tested AI to distinguish aircraft-boarding passengers from crew members and ground staff to eliminate miscounts without facial recognition. More information is available to you should you be part of such passenger count. 
We do not make any decision about you which is based solely on automated processing and which has legal effect on you or significantly affects you in a similar way, unless we inform you about it separately. You would then have the option of having the decision reviewed by a human being.
Data Security
We take appropriate technical and organizational security measures in order to safeguard your personal data, protect you against unauthorized or unlawful processing activities, and to address the risk of loss, unintentional changes, inadvertent disclosure, or unauthorized access. However, like all companies, we cannot completely rule out data security infringements; certain residual risks are unavoidable.
Security measures of a technical nature include the encryption and pseudonymisation of data, record keeping, access restrictions, and the storage of data backups. Security measures of an organizational nature include training of our employees, confidentiality agreements, and audits. We also require our processors (see section 7.2) to take appropriate technical and organizational security measures.
Your rights regarding your personal data
You have the right to object to data processing particularly if we process your personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest and the other applicable requirements are met. You can also object to data processing in connection with direct advertising (e.g. advertising e-mails) at any time. This also applies to profiling, to the extent it is related to direct advertising.
Provided the applicable conditions are met and there are no applicable statutory exceptions, you also have the following rights: the right to request information about your personal data stored by us.
Provided the applicable conditions are met and there are no applicable statutory exceptions, you also have the following rights: the right to have inaccurate or incomplete personal data corrected.
Provided the applicable conditions are met and there are no applicable statutory exceptions, you also have the following rights: the right to request the deletion or anonymization of your personal data.
Provided the applicable conditions are met and there are no applicable statutory exceptions, you also have the following rights: the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
Provided the applicable conditions are met and there are no applicable statutory exceptions, you also have the following rights: the right to receive certain personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Provided the applicable conditions are met and there are no applicable statutory exceptions, you also have the following rights: the right to revoke consent with effect for the future, insofar as processing is based on consent.
Please note that these rights may be restricted or excluded in individual cases, e.g. if there are doubts about the identity or if this is necessary to protect other persons, to safeguard interests worthy of protection or to comply with legal obligations. If exercising certain rights will incur costs on you, we will notify you thereof in advance.
In general, exercising these rights requires that you prove your identity (with a copy of your passport or ID where your identity is not evident otherwise or can not be verified in another way).
You can exercise these rights by visiting the online account or app your request is related to. For example, In your Travel ID profile, you can check the current status of most of your master data yourself at any time, revoke any consent and delete your Travel ID profile.
You can exercise these rights by unsubscribing from newsletters and other advertising e-mails, typically at the end of the e-mail.
You can exercise these rights via our data subjects' rights contact form. Please note that it may take up to 30 days until you receive our first response.
While we hope we can address any concerns you may have related to our data processing, you are free to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority.
Inquiries not related to data protection such as requests or feedback on individual bookings or services will not be answered nor forwarded by our Data Protection team. Please visit our Service Centre and use the appropriate contact form or reach out to your SWISS contact if you are representing a business partner.
Changes to our Data Protection Notice
This Data Protection Notice may be changed from time to time and without prior notice or announcement. The current version published on our website shall apply.
Last updated on 1 September 2023.