Privacy Policy of The Body Coach
The Body Coach collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Google Ad Manager
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Adjust
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics for Firebase
Personal Data: Usage Data
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel), Google Ads conversion tracking and Amplitude Analytics
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Pinterest Conversion Tag
Personal Data: device information; Trackers; Usage Data
Body Coach for Work
Beta Testing
TestFlight
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: email address; first name
Handling payments
RevenueCat (RevenueCat Inc.)
Stripe
Personal Data: purchase history
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contentful
Personal Data: various types of Data
Brightcove (Brightcove Inc.)
Infrastructure monitoring
Crashlytics with User opt-in
Personal Data: Crash information; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID)
Managing support and contact requests
Zendesk
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
Facebook Remarketing and Google Ads Remarketing
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Facebook Custom Audience
Personal Data: email address; Tracker
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
User database management
Iterable
Personal Data: email address; Tracker; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie Policy. 
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
The Body Coach Online Nutrition Ltd 
Sovereign Gate 
18-20 Kew Road 
Richmond 
London 
TW9 2NA
Owner contact email: customer.care@thebodycoach.com
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller 
The Body Coach Online Nutrition Ltd 
Sovereign Gate 
18-20 Kew Road 
Richmond 
London 
TW9 2NA
Owner contact email: customer.care@thebodycoach.com
Types of Data collected 
Among the types of Personal Data that The Body Coach collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Usage Data; Crash information; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID); various types of Data; email address; first name; Cookies; purchase history. 
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection. 
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using The Body Coach. 
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by The Body Coach is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for The Body Coach to provide its services. In cases where The Body Coach specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service. 
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. 
Any use of Cookies, or of other tracking tools, by The Body Coach or by the owners of third-party services used by The Body Coach serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through The Body Coach.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing 
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data. 
The Data processing is carried out using computers and IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of The Body Coach (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place 
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. 
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time 
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users' consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Analytics, Infrastructure monitoring, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Managing support and contact requests, Beta Testing, Handling payments, Contacting the User, Tag Management, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Advertising and User database management. 
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section "Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data".
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: advertising 
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: this type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on The Body Coach, possibly based on User interests. 
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. 
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User's interests and behavior, including those detected outside The Body Coach. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. 
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Google Ad Manager (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ad Manager is an advertising service provided by Google Ireland Limited that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with. In order to opt out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of Youronlinechoices. In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner policy. 
This service uses the "DoubleClick" Cookie, which tracks use of The Body Coach and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered. 
Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by going to: Google Ad Settings.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland, Privacy Policy. 
Adjust (Adjust GmbH)
Adjust is an advertising service provided by Adjust GmbH.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Germany, Privacy Policy, Opt out. 
Analytics 
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase 
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing. 
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
The Body Coach uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy; Ireland, Privacy Policy. 
Google Analytics (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited ("Google"). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of The Body Coach, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. 
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland, Privacy Policy, Opt Out. 
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) (Facebook Ireland Ltd)
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) is an analytics service provided by Facebook Ireland Ltd that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on The Body Coach. The Facebook pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Audience Network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland, Privacy Policy. 
Google Ads conversion tracking (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on The Body Coach.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland, Privacy Policy. 
Amplitude Analytics (Amplitude Inc.)
Amplitude Analytics is an analytics service provided by Amplitude Inc.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: European Union, Privacy Policy. 
Pinterest Conversion Tag (Pinterest, Inc.)
Pinterest Conversion Tag is an analytics service provided by Pinterest, Inc. that connects data from the Pinterest advertising network with actions performed on The Body Coach.
Users may opt out of behavioral advertising features through their device settings, their Pinterest personalization settings or by visiting the AdChoices opt-out page.
Personal Data processed: device information; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy, Opt out. 
Body Coach for Work 
For users signing up as employees, we may share aggregated & anonymised data about your usage of The Body Coach app with your organisation.
Beta Testing 
This type of service makes it possible to manage User access to The Body Coach, or parts of it, for the purpose of testing a certain feature or the entire Application. 
The service provider may automatically collect data related to crashes and statistics related to the User's use of The Body Coach in a personally identifiable form.
TestFlight (Apple Inc.)
TestFlight is a beta testing service provided by Apple Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy. 
Contacting the User 
Mailing list or newsletter (The Body Coach)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User's email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning The Body Coach. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to The Body Coach or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name.
Handling payments 
Unless otherwise specified, The Body Coach processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers. The Body Coach isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
RevenueCat (RevenueCat Inc.) 
RevenueCat is a subscription management service provided by RevenueCat Inc. 
Personal data processed: various types as specified in the privacy policy of the service. 
Privacy Policy.
Stripe (Stripe Payments UK, Ltd)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Personal Data processed: purchase history.
Place of processing: United Kingdom, Privacy Policy. 
Hosting and backend infrastructure 
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable The Body Coach to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of The Body Coach.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)
Amazon Web Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy; United Kingdom, Privacy Policy. 
Contentful (Contentful GmbH)
Contentful is a hosting and backend service provided by Contentful GmbH.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Place of processing: Germany, Privacy Policy. 
Brightcove (Brightcove Inc.) 
Brightcove is a hosting and backend service provided by Brightcove Inc. 
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. 
Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Infrastructure monitoring 
This type of service allows The Body Coach to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved. 
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of The Body Coach.
Crashlytics with User opt-in 
Crashlytics with User opt-in is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
The Body Coach allows Users to choose to opt in to the collection of crash reports or analytics.
Personal Data processed: Crash information; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID).
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy; Ireland, Privacy Policy. 
Managing support and contact requests 
This type of service allows The Body Coach to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form. 
The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address).
Zendesk (Zendesk, Inc.)
Zendesk is a support and contact request management service provided by Zendesk Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy. 
Remarketing and behavioral targeting 
This type of service allows The Body Coach and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of The Body Coach by the User. 
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity. 
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists. 
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Facebook Remarketing 
Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. or by Facebook Ireland Ltd, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects the activity of The Body Coach with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy, Opt Out; Ireland, Privacy Policy, Opt Out. 
Google Ads Remarketing (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Ireland Limited that connects the activity of The Body Coach with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google's Ads Settings.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland, Privacy Policy, Opt Out. 
Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook Ireland Ltd)
Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook Ireland Ltd that connects the activity of The Body Coach with the Facebook advertising network.
Users can opt out of Facebook's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting this opt-out page.
Personal Data processed: email address; Tracker.
Place of processing: Ireland, Privacy Policy, Opt Out. 
Tag Management 
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on The Body Coach in a centralized fashion. 
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland, Privacy Policy. 
User database management 
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to The Body Coach, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving The Body Coach. 
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on The Body Coach.
Iterable (Iterable, Inc.)
Iterable is a User database management service provided by Iterable, Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address; Tracker; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States, Privacy Policy. 
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie Policy. 
Cookie Policy
The Body Coach uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the Cookie Policy.
Further Information for Users 
Legal basis of processing 
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject.
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner.
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. 
Further information about retention time 
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users' consent.
Therefore personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Therefore personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner's legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. 
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it. 
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. 
Details about the right to object to processing 
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document. 
How to exercise these rights 
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users' request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action 
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of The Body Coach or the related Services. 
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data 
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, The Body Coach may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance 
For operation and maintenance purposes, The Body Coach and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with The Body Coach (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy 
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy 
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within The Body Coach and, as far as technically and legally feasible, sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. 
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User's consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references 
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information, including a personal identification number, allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through The Body Coach (or third-party services employed in The Body Coach), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use The Body Coach, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using The Body Coach who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of The Body Coach. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of The Body Coach.
The Body Coach (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by The Body Coach as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology, e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting, that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User's device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to The Body Coach, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: September 14, 2023 
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided. 