Skip To Main Content
Let's go
Popular searches
UOB Annual Report
UOB Sustainability
UOB Painting of the Year
Privacy & Security
UOB Privacy Notice (Individual)
UOB Privacy Notice (Corporate)
Online Security Alerts
UOB Privacy Notice (EU General Data Protection Regulation)
If you have any enquiries regarding your personal data (including access or correction requests) you may email our Data Protection Officer. For assistance on login/ATM issues or if you no longer wish to receive telemarketing messages, please contact UOB Customer Service. 
Email Address: dataprotectionofficer@uobgroup.com 
UOB Group Internet Banking Privacy Practices
The United Overseas Bank Group (UOB Group) is committed to maintaining best Privacy Practices to create, as far as possible, a secure Internet banking environment for our customers. We encourage our customers to similarly observe best practices that are within their control.
Our best practices include 1. Collection Of Customer Information 
Our best practices include We will not make unsolicited requests for customer information through email or the telephone, unless customers initiate contact with us. We will use any information collected as minimally as possible, mainly to assist us in customising and delivering services and products that are of interest to our customers. Under no circumstances will we ask customers to reveal their Personal Identification Numbers or Passwords.
Our best practices include 2. Handling Of Customer Information 
Our best practices include We have established strict confidentiality standards for safeguarding information on our customers.
Our best practices include 3. Disclosure Of Customer Information 
Our best practices include Unless we have the customer's agreement or are required by law, we will not disclose customer information to external parties.
Our best practices include 4. Compliance By External Parties 
Our best practices include External parties who, in the course of providing support services to us, may come into contact with customer information, are required to observe our privacy standards.
UOB Group Internet Security Technology
We understand customer concerns for security when they transact over the Internet. We have therefore built a security system for online banking that safeguards the confidentiality of our customers' account information and their banking transactions.
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information 1. Firewalls 
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information We have multiple levels of firewalls in place between our internal computer systems and the Internet.
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information 2. Encryption 
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information Strong encryption protects customer information as it travels over the Internet. We use the 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption to protect the confidentiality of customers' account details and transaction data. This 128-bit SSL encryption is the commercially available security protocol for encrypting or scrambling data transmitted over the Internet. It is also currently recognised internationally to be of the highest standard in encryption technology commercially available and is generally adopted by banks in Singapore and financial institutions worldwide.
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information 3. Username and Password 
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information Only your valid Username and Password which identify you uniquely, will allow you to log in to our secure websites. This ensures that messages from authorised users only are admitted into our secure sites.
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information 4. Technology Devices 
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information UOB may, from time to time, issue Devices and establish security procedures that you may need to execute in order to use certain UOB Internet Banking services related to the Devices. 
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information You may use the Devices (whether or not in conjunction with the Username and Password or otherwise) to initiate, effect, perform and dispatch any instruction or any communication to UOB.
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information You may use the Devices (whether or not in conjunction with the Username and Password or otherwise) to obtain or utilise any service that may be offered or made available by UOB through the Website or UOB Internet Banking service.
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information You may use the Devices (whether or not in conjunction with the Username and Password or otherwise) to access and obtain information as may be permitted by UOB (whether relating to your Accounts, service or otherwise); and
We employ several different methods to protect customers' account and personal information You may use the Devices (whether or not in conjunction with the Username and Password or otherwise) to effect any transaction with UOB which may be made available by UOB, subject to the terms of this Agreement and to other restrictions, limitations, terms and conditions of UOB then applicable
To effect any transaction with UOB which may be made available by UOB, subject to the terms of this Agreement and to other restrictions, limitations, terms and conditions of UOB then applicable
Automatic Log Out 
As an additional security measure, our system may log you out of your Internet banking session after a period of inactivity
We are committed to monitoring our Internet security system constantly for potential situations that could compromise the security or the privacy of our customers and to exploring new technology continually to enhance our Internet security system.
Do Not Call Privacy Statement
Notice to Customers Relating to the Do Not Call Registry Provisions under Part IX of the Personal Data Protection Act ("DNC Provisions") 
At UOB, we take our responsibility to protect the information you provide us very seriously. 
From time to time, UOB and our partners may call or SMS our customers to inform them about our latest products or promotional offers.
If you have previously given UOB your consent to receiving such calls and messages, you will continue to be updated on our promotions and marketing campaigns, even though you may have registered with the National Do Not Call Registry. 
If you no longer wish to continue receiving marketing calls or messages, you may withdraw your consent by completing and submitting the form here, or by calling Customer Service. You can also find the form in our Personal Banking webpage, under Quick Links, Fees, Rates and Forms, and by selecting Personal Application Forms. Your withdrawal instructions will be subject to identity verification. Please note that there is a 21 days' grace period for UOB to process your withdrawal of consent, and hence you may still receive marketing or promotional messages/calls during that period. 
For all other customers, we will only contact you via the telephone for marketing and promotional messages/calls after ascertaining that you have not registered with the National Do Not Call Registry administered by the Personal Data Protection Commission of Singapore. However, as we may rely on the 21 days validity period of the search results, you may still receive marketing or promotional messages/calls during that period. 
If you had received a telemarketing call from someone representing UOB although you have registered with the DNC Registry or withdrawn your consent, please inform us at dataprotectionofficer@uobgroup.com, or contact us by calling 1800 222 2121. 
The above changes will generally not affect informational and service related messages sent by UOB (e.g. messages relating to your account or products held by you).
Security Guidelines
Your Role In Safeguarding Your Personal Data And Account Information
You are responsible for keeping your online Password confidential. Failure to do so exposes you to the risks of fraud and loss. The UOB Group will not be responsible for losses suffered by customers as a result of input errors or misuse of its Internet banking services.
You are responsible for keeping your online Password confidential. Failure to do so exposes you to the risks of fraud and loss. The UOB Group will not be responsible for losses suffered by customers as a result of negligent handling or sharing of Password.
You are responsible for keeping your online Password confidential. Failure to do so exposes you to the risks of fraud and loss. The UOB Group will not be responsible for losses suffered by customers as a result of leaving a computer unattended during an online session.
You are responsible for keeping your online Password confidential. Failure to do so exposes you to the risks of fraud and loss. The UOB Group will not be responsible for losses suffered by customers as a result of failure to immediately report known incidents of unauthorised account access.
FURTHER INFORMATION ON THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY TO YOU IN PROVIDING INTERNET BANKING SERVICES CAN BE FOUND IN THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS: uOB Personal Internet Banking
FURTHER INFORMATION ON THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY TO YOU IN PROVIDING INTERNET BANKING SERVICES CAN BE FOUND IN THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS: business Internet Banking
FURTHER INFORMATION ON THE LIMITS OF OUR LIABILITY TO YOU IN PROVIDING INTERNET BANKING SERVICES CAN BE FOUND IN THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS: uOB COE Open Bidding
We strongly recommend that you observe the following best privacy and security practices at all times: Managing Your Username And Password 
Your Username and Password identify you when you use our Internet banking services. If any of these become invalid or ceases to have effect, it is imperative that you inform us by calling the direct hotlines for the respective services.
Ensure that no one can see your Password when you log in to our system.
Ensure that you keep your Password confidential at all times and do not divulge it to anyone.
Do not allow anyone (without exception) to use your Username and Password, as you are responsible for all transactions undertaken with your Username and Password.
Do not base your Password on your Username or personal information such as your telephone number, birth date or the like.
Memorise your Password and do not record it anywhere.
Change your Password regularly.
Do not use the same character more than twice for your Password.
Do not recycle your recently used Password.
Change your Password IMMEDIATELY if you suspect that someone knows it.
The same Password should not be used for different websites, applications or services particularly when they relate to different entities.
Do not select the option on your browser for storing or retaining user name and password.
Note:No staff members of the UOB Group should ever ask you for your Password for whatsoever reasons.
Use of Technology Devices 
Do not allow anyone (without exception) to keep, use or tamper with your Technology Devices, as you are responsible for all transactions undertaken
Do not reveal the One-Time Password generated by your Technology Devices to anyone
Do not divulge the serial number of your Token-OTP Device
Notify the Bank if your Technology Device is lost or fails to function as intended
Ensure that the Device is kept safely
Take Precautions Against Your Password Keystrokes Being Captured 
Exercise the necessary precautions to protect your personal computer against viruses and other malicious programs. Aside from damaging and destroying data, viruses and malicious programs can capture your Password keystrokes and other personal information and send them to another person without your consent. 
Precautions that you can take include the following:
Ensure that you install an effective personal firewall as well as anti-virus, anti-spyware and anti-Trojan horse software. These should be updated regularly.
Do not download any software from a website that is of doubtful origin.
Do not open any email or attachment that is from a source unknown to you. When in doubt, delete such email without opening it.
Log In Directly 
If you wish to access a website belonging to UOB or its subsidiaries or associates, always personally and directly enter the relevant website address in the browser address bar. Do not login via any hyperlink within emails. 
A list of the relevant website addresses is set out below for your reference. If you encounter suspicious email or fraudulent websites passing off as websites of UOB or its subsidiaries or associates, please notify us immediately at 6255 0160 or email us.
Remember To Log Out 
Always remember to logout of your Internet banking session when you have completed your Internet banking transactions or when you need to walk away from your computer even for just a minute. Do not leave your computer unattended while Internet banking transactions are being processed.
List of UOB Group Websites
UOB Group Site. URL 
UOB Global Site. website_url_lnk 
UOB Singapore. website_url_lnk 
UOB Hong Kong. website_url_lnk 
UOB Taipei. website_url_lnk 
United Overseas Bank (Malaysia). website_url_lnk 
UOB Thailand. website_url_lnk 
UOB Asset Management. website_url_lnk 
UOB Asset Management (Taiwan). website_url_lnk 
United Overseas Insurance. website_url_lnk 
UOB Travel. website_url_lnk 
UOB-Kay Hian. website_url_lnk 
UOB Venture Management. website_url_lnk 
Use of Cookies & similar technologies
When you use our website, we may automatically collect data from you using cookies or similar technological tools. A cookie is a small file which our web servers can store on your device. This allows our website to automatically recognize and remember you. You may find our cookie policy here.
Clear Your Browser's Cache
Default files on a computer, sometimes called 'cache' files, can retain images of data sent or received over the Internet, making them a potential target for a system intruder. Therefore, we strongly advise that you clear your browser's disk cache after each Internet banking session.
For Firefox 
Launch Firefox.
Click the menu button and choose Options.
Select the Advanced panel.
Click on the Network tab.
In the Cached Web Content section, click Clear Now.
Close the about:preferences page. Any changes you've made will automatically be saved.
For Chrome 
Open Chrome.
On your browser toolbar, click the Chrome menu.
Click More tools, Clear browsing data.
In the box that appears, click the checkboxes for "Cookies and other site and plug-in data" and "Cached images and files."
Use the menu at the top to select the amount of data that you want to delete. Choose beginning of time to delete everything.
Click Clear browsing data.
Internet Explorer
Select 'Tools' from the Menu bar.
Select 'Internet Options'.
Select the 'General' tab.
Click the 'Delete' button and select only Temporary Internet Files and website files in 'Delete Browsing History' Dialog Box and Click 'Delete' button.
Click 'OK' to exit the 'Internet Options' dialog box.
Avoid Sharing Personal Computers (PCs)
Avoid using shared PCs or public PCs such as those found in cyber cafes to perform Internet banking transactions. If there is a need to do so, always satisfy yourself thoroughly that the PCs are free from viruses and be sure to clear the browser's cache upon completion of your transactions.
Update Your Browsers
You should update your browsers and application software to support 128-bit SSL encryption or a higher encryption standard.
Verify The Authenticity Of The UOB Group Internet Banking/Transaction Websites
We provide a Secure Zone icon (as symbolised by a 'padlock' icon) within our Internet banking/transaction web pages for your verification of its authenticity.
To verify the authenticity of the UOB Group Internet banking/transaction websites, look for the Secure Zone icon on the web page, click it, and ensure that 'United Overseas Bank Ltd' is displayed as a part of UOB's VeriSign Secure Server ID from website_url_lnk
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page 1. Check that the UOB Group Internet banking/transaction website address changes from http:// to https:// and that a security icon (as symbolised by a lock or key) appears at the bottom status bar of the browser. These indicate that the web page that you are online with uses encryption technology. You can double click the security icon to view information pertaining to the security certificate for the web page.
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page 2. Depending on the browser that you are using, you can also verify that you are in a secure web page by doing the following: 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page on Internet Explorer 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page Point the mouse on the web page and right click the mouse. Scroll to 'Properties' and click the mouse. Ensure that the following information appears in the 'Properties' dialogue box shown on the screen: 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page protocol : Hyper Text Transfer Protocol with Privacy 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page connection : SSL 3.0, RC4 with 128 bit encryption (High); RSA with 1024 Bit Exchange 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page address : The URL should start with 'website_url_lnk
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page you can click the 'Certificates' button in the dialogue box to view information pertaining to the security certificate for the web page.
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page on Netscape 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page Point the mouse on the web page and right click the mouse. Scroll to 'View Frame Info' and click the mouse. Ensure that the following information appears on the display screen: 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page location : The location should start with 'website_url_lnk 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page security : This is a secure document that uses a high-grade encryption key for U. S. domestic use only (RC4, 128 bit) 
There are two ways by which you can verify that you are logging in to a secure web page certificate : This Certificate belongs to... United Overseas Bank Ltd...
Inform Us Immediately Of Suspected Invasion Of Your Privacy Or Of Unauthorised Transactions
If you suspect that your privacy has been invaded or that your accounts has/have been accessed by unauthorised persons, please change your Password immediately and contact us by calling the direct hotlines for the respective services. Check your account statements to see if any transaction has been performed without your authorisation. Should there be any unauthorised or unusual transactions, please notify us immediately.
You should check your account statements regularly and notify us promptly of any errors. At the minimum, you should check your account statements at least once at the beginning of each month.
Bank accounts 
If you object to any entry or omission in your bank account statement in respect of any calendar month, you must inform the Bank in writing within 14 days of the date from which the full statement for that calendar month is made available on UOB Personal Internet Banking. Failure to do so shall imply your acceptance of the account statement and the correctness of the account statement.
Email Security
As information submitted via email is not encrypted during transmission, it is important that you do not give your account or credit card number nor convey any confidential information or banking or other instructions in your enquiries and comments. 
If you encounter any suspicious email, passing off as an email from UOB Group, please notify us immediately.
Additional Recommended Good Practices To Safeguard Your Online Security
Remove file and printer sharing in your computer, especially when you have Internet access via cable modem, broadband connection or a similar set-up.
Make regular backup of critical data.
Consider the use of encryption technology to protect highly sensitive data.
Do not install junk software or run programs of unknown origin.
Delete junk or chain emails.
Do not open email attachments from strangers.
Do not disclose personal, financial or credit card information to little-known or suspect websites.
Do not use a computer or device which cannot be trusted
Customer Service
At the UOB Group, we are committed to providing you with responsive customer service. When we receive any customer complaint, our priority is to attend to it as expeditiously as possible.
Customer Choices In The Event Of Unavailability Of The UOB Group Internet Banking/Transaction Websites
Should the UOB Group Internet banking/transaction websites be unavailable, customers can choose to do their banking/transactions via the following alternative channels: online Service. Contact Number. Address
UOB Personal Internet Banking. Tel: 1800 222 2121 
(24-hour, toll-free) 
Fax: +65 6222 0031. United Overseas Bank Limited 
Internet Channel Division 
135 Cecil Street 
12-01 
Singapore 069536 
Business Internet Banking 
(includes COE Open Bidding Service). BIB Helpdesk 
Tel: 1800 226 6121 
(Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays 
am to pm, toll-free). Transaction Banking 
80 Raffles Place 
05-00, UOB Plaza 1 
Singapore 048624 
Customer Choices In The Event Of Unavailability Of The UOB Group Internet Banking/Transaction Websites
Should the UOB Group Internet banking/transaction websites be unavailable, customers can choose to do their banking/transactions via the following alternative channels: online Service. Alternative Channels
UOB Personal Internet Banking. 
Any UOB Group branch
Any UOB Auto Banking Lobby
PhoneBanking 
Tel: 1800 222 2121 (24-hour, toll-free)
Business Internet Banking. 
Any UOB Group branch
Business Internet Banking 
Helpdesk 
Tel : 1800 226 6121 
(Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays 
am to pm, toll-free)
COE Open Bidding Service. For Revision of the Reserve Price 
Other Participating Banks (please refer to LTA's website for details)
LTA's Open Bidding Website website_url_lnk
English Version To Prevail
If there are differences in meaning between the English version and any translation of any terms and conditions, the English version shall prevail.
There was an error, check the logs for details