Internet Explorer 11 is no longer supported
For the best experience we recommend using a supported browser, such as Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome
Very
Please enter a search description
Popular searches 
0 Basket £0.00 
0 Saved
Account 
New In Designer 
Brands Women Men Child & 
Baby Toys Sports & 
Leisure Home & 
Garden Electricals Gaming Gifts & 
Jewellery Beauty Offers Sale Christmas
Womens Clothing
Blouses & Shirts Coats & Jackets Dresses Hoodies & Sweatshirts Jeans Knitwear Playsuits & Jumpsuits Skirts Swimwear & Beachwear Tops & T-Shirts Trousers & Leggings
Womens Shoes
Boots Flats Heels Sandals & Flip Flops Trainers
Womens Accessories
Accessories Bags & Purses Jewellery Sunglasses
Mens
Mens Accessories Coats & Jackets Footwear Hoodies & Sweatshirts Jeans Joggers Jumpers & Cardigans Nightwear & Loungewear Shirts Shorts Sunglasses Swimwear T-Shirts & Polos Trousers & Chinos Underwear & Socks
Child & Baby
Girls Clothes Boys Clothes Baby Clothes Shoes & Boots
Designers
Vivienne Westwood Kate Spade New York MARC JACOBS Versace Jeans Couture LOVE MOSCHINO COACH Sophia Webster PS PAUL SMITH Belstaff A to Z Brands
We Love...
Designer SALE: Up to 60% off New Season Arrivals Mens Designer Fashion NEW! COACH COLLECTION MARC JACOBS Collection NEW! LOVE MOSCHINO
See all Designer Brands Close
Womens Fashion
Basics Blouses & Shirts Coats & Jackets Dresses Hoodies & Sweatshirts Jeans Knitwear Lingerie Nightwear & Loungewear Playsuits & Jumpsuits Shorts Skirts Sportswear Swimwear & Beachwear Suits Tops & T-Shirts Tracksuits Trousers & Leggings Workwear
Footwear
Shoes & Boots Trainers
Accessories
Accessories Bags & Purses Jewellery & Watches Sunglasses
Fit
Petite Tall Plus Size Maternity
Shop By Brand
V by Very Barbour Levi's Converse Lucy Mecklenburgh River Island Calvin Klein Tommy Hilfiger Nike Yours A to Z Brands
Be Inspired
Holiday Shop Occasion Shop Live Shopping Trending Now Denim Fit Guide Shop Instagram
See Also
NEW! Designer Brands Modest Fashion Beauty Edit Perfume Fancy Dress Ladies Gifts
Not To Be Missed
SALE: Up to 60% off Up to 40% off Selected Bestsellers 20% off ALL Monsoon NEW! Michelle Keegan Autumn Looks from £16 New Curve Collection
See all Womens Clothes Close
Mens Fashion
Basics Coats & Jackets Football Hoodies & Sweatshirts Jeans Joggers Jumpers & Cardigans Nightwear & Loungewear Shirts Shorts Sportswear Suits & Blazers Swimwear T-Shirts & Polos Tracksuits Trousers & Chinos Underwear & Socks
Footwear
Shoes & Boots Trainers
Accessories
Accessories Jewellery & Watches Sunglasses
Fit
Big & Tall
Shop By Brand
BOSS Calvin Klein Barbour Tommy Hilfiger Very Man HUGO River Island Nike adidas Converse Levi's A to Z Brands
Be Inspired
New in Holiday Shop Everyday Collection Denim Store Premium Brands
See Also
New! Designer Brands Men's Grooming Aftershave Gaming DIY Equipment Fancy Dress Men's Gifts
Not To Be Missed
SALE: Up to 60% off Up to 40% off Selected Bestsellers Autumn Looks from £22 New Season Denim The Smart Shop New! Polos & T-shirts
See all Mens Clothes Close
Clothes & Shoes
Girls Clothes Boys Clothes Baby Clothes Shoes & Boots Trainers Occasion Wear School Uniform Sportswear Accessories Jewellery & Watches
The Nursery
Nursery Furniture Nursery Furnishings Bedding
Baby Essentials
Pushchairs Pushchair Essentials Car Seats Bouncers, Walkers & Swings High Chairs & Booster Seats Feeding Bathtime & Changing Baby & Toddler Toys Baby Gifts
Kids Room
Bedroom Furniture Bedroom Essentials Bedding
Fashion Brands
Monsoon River Island Converse Disney adidas V by Very Nike A to Z Brands
Nursery Brands
iCandy Joie Silver Cross Mamas & Papas Bugaboo egg2 Obaby A to Z Brands
Be Inspired
Mini Me Kids Denim Shop New in Holiday Shop Baby & Toddler Shop Baby Essentials
See Also
Outdoor Toys Baby Monitors Maternity Clothes Girls Fancy Dress Boys Fancy Dress Children's Gifts
Not To Be Missed
SALE: Up to 60% off Jump into School from £8 Autumn Looks from £12 3 for 2 on Selected Kidswear NEW! River Island Up to 30% off selected Baby & Toddler
See all Kids Clothes & Nursery Close
Baby & Preschool
Activity & Sensory Toys Baby Walkers Bath Toys Building Blocks Preschool Play Figures & Vehicles Cot, Car & Pram Toys Electronic Learning Toys Games & Puzzles Playmats & Gyms Playtents & Houses Preschool Role Play Ride On Toys Soft Toys & Dolls Wooden Toys
Dolls & Soft Toys
Dolls Doll Houses Doll Outfits & Accessories Doll Playsets Doll Prams Teddy Bears & Soft Toys
Play Figures & Vehicles
Play Figures Animals Figures Collectibles Playsets Vehicles
Create & Discover
Beauty & Fashion Craft Kits Dough & Modelling Food & Drink Makers Painting, Drawing & Colouring Electronic Learning Geography Numbers & Letters Science & Space Kids Technology Robotics LEGO & Construction Toys Role Play Karaoke Musical Toys & Instruments
Games, Puzzles & Books
Board Games Family Games Childrens Games Jigsaws & Puzzles Card Games Games Tables Kids Books Kids Gifts
Outdoor Fun
Scooters & Ride On Toys Kids Bikes Helmets & Accessories Trampolines Swings & Swing Sets Slides & See Saws Activity Centres Playhouses & Tents Pools, Sand & Water Play Bouncy Castles & Inflatables Football & Sports Toys Garden Toys & Games Nerf & Blasters
Fancy Dress
Kids Fancy Dress Costumes Fancy Dress Accessories
Age
0-6 Months 6-9 Months 9-12 Months 1-2 Years 3-4 Years 5-6 Years 7-9 Years 10-12 Years Teen Big Kids
Shop By Character & Brand
LEGO Barbie L. O. L. Surprise Marvel Star Wars Disney Princess Bluey Gabby's Dollhouse Paw Patrol Peppa Pig A to Z Brands
Not To Be Missed
Christmas Must Have Toys Save on Fisher Price & More! Birthday presents under £20 Save up to 25% on selected Barbie New In, LEGO & more Unmissable Toy deals
See all Toys & Games Close
Shop By Activity
Outdoor Running Gym & Training Yoga & Studio Football Cycling Golf Swim Skiing Rugby Boxing Paddle Boarding Fishing Camping & Caravanning
Womens Sportswear
Womens Sports Clothing Womens Sports Shoes Womens Sports Accessories
Mens Sportswear
Mens Sports Clothing Mens Sports Shoes Mens Sports Accessories
Kids & Baby Sportswear
Kids & Baby Sports Clothing Kids & Baby Sports Shoes Kids & Baby Sports Accessories
Fitness
Cardio Gym Equipment Weight Training Studio Equipment Muscle Toning Equipment Bikes & Accessories Walking & Hiking Equipment Sports Nutrition Weight Loss & Diet
Sports Equipment
Basketball Equipment Boxing Equipment Cricket Equipment Darts Equipment Fishing Equipment Football Equipment Golf Equipment Rugby Equipment Snooker & Pool Equipment Swimming Equipment Table Tennis Equipment Tennis Equipment Water Sports Equipment Sports Technology Sports Accessories
Travel
Camping Caravanning Luggage Bags & Backpacks Travel Accessories
Shop By Brand
Nike adidas Converse Vans Asics Puma THE NORTH FACE New Balance UNDER ARMOUR adidas Originals A to Z Brands
Discover
Shop Instagram Keeping Fit & Active
Not To Be Missed
SALE: Up to 60% off Up to 30% off Selected Bestsellers Defy Your Limits with Under Armour Celebrate Rugby NEW IN! Puma NEW IN! Nike
See all Sports Clothing & Equipment Close
Shop By Room
Bedroom Living Room Garden & Conservatory Kitchen Bathroom Dining Room Kids Bedroom Office Nursery
Garden & Outdoor
Garden Furniture Garden Buildings Garden Tools Garden Decor BBQs Gazebos Garden Heating Planting & Growing Swimming Pools & Spas
Homewares
Bedding Curtains & Blinds Lighting Rugs Cushions & Throws Home Accessories Storage & Organisation Cookware Bakeware Tableware Drinkware Kitchen Storage Picnicware Bathroom Essentials Laundry & Utility Petcare Luggage Christmas Trees Christmas Decorations Seasonal Decorations
Furniture
Beds Mattresses Wardrobes Chest of Drawers Headboards Bedroom Furniture Sets Sofas TV Stands Living Room Sets Dining Table & Chair Sets Chairs Tables Drinks Trolley Sideboards & Cabinets Bookcases & Shelving Bathroom Furniture
Home Improvements
Paint Wallpaper Decorating Accessories Tiling & Flooring Bathroom Suites & Fittings Fixtures & Fittings DIY Equipment Home Security Car Care & Maintenance
Appliances
Cookers Fridges & Freezers Laundry Appliances Dishwashers Kettles & Toasters Cooking Appliances Food Processors, Mixers & Blenders Small Appliances Floorcare Heating & Cooling
Shop By Brand
Silentnight Everyday Black & Decker Julian Bowen Catherine Lansfield A to Z Brands
Be Inspired
Shop Instagram Christmas at Home Autumn Sleep Essentials Style your home for less New arrivals
Not To Be Missed
SALE, Up to 50% off selected Home 20% Back on selected Indoor Furniture Up to 40% off selected Living & Dining Up to 40% off selected Bedroom Up to 30% off selected Homewares New Season Style from £15
See all Home & Garden Close
Computing
Laptops Tablets & Kindles iPad Tablet & iPad Accessories Desktop Computers PC Monitors Gaming PCs PC Components Computer Accessories Printers & Inks Software Home Networking Data Storage
Smart Technology
Wearable Technology Apple Watch Smart Watches Smart Home Smart Gadgets AirTag
Photography
Cameras Lenses Camera Accessories Action Cams Camcorders Drones Binoculars & Telescopes
TV
Televisions Projectors Sound Bars & Home Cinema Smart TV Boxes, Digital TV Recorders & Freeview Boxes DVD & Blu-Ray Players TV Stands, Wall Mounts & Accessories
Audio
Speakers & Smart Speakers Hi-fi, Radios & MP3s Headphones AirPods Sat Navs, Dash Cams & In Car Entertainment Karaoke Musical Instruments
Phones
Mobile Phones iPhone Sim Cards Mobile Phone Accessories
Creative Technology
Digital Cutting Heat Presses Labelling Machines
Home Appliances
Washing Machines Tumble Dryers Washer Dryers Cookers Fridges & Freezers Dishwashers Integrated Appliances Heating & Cooling Sewing Machines DIY Equipment
Floorcare
Vacuum Cleaners Steam Cleaners Carpet Cleaners
Kitchen Appliances
Kettles & Toasters Coffee Machines Microwaves Cooking Appliances Food Processors, Mixers & Blenders Irons
Personal Care
Hair & Grooming Health & Diagnostics Beauty & Wellbeing
Shop By Brand
Apple Samsung Dyson LG Amazon Fitbit HP Shark Sony Beats A to Z Brands
Discover
Apple Kitchen Hub Trade in your Tech TV Buying Guide Monthly Insurance
Not To Be Missed
Electrical Sale! Latest Laptops Offer New from Apple Latest LG TVs Offer Ninja Foodi Dual Zone Air Fryer Shop Hoover Fridge Freezers
See all Electricals Close
Shop By Platform
Xbox Series X Xbox Series S Playstation 5 Nintendo Switch PC Gaming Playstation 4 Xbox One
Gaming Accessories
Controllers Data Storage Docking Stations & Charging Virtual Reality Accessories Headsets & Communication Microphones Webcams Capture Cards Stream Decks Gaming Routers
Playstation
Playstation Consoles Playstation Games Playstation Store
PC Gaming
Gaming Laptops & PCs PC Gaming Monitors PC Games PC Components Gaming Keyboards & Mice PC Gaming Accessory Packs
Gaming Furniture
Gaming Beds Gaming Desks Gaming Chairs
Xbox
Xbox Consoles Xbox Games Xbox Game Pass Xbox Live Gold Xbox Game Add Ons
DVDs, Music & Books
TV & Film Music Books
Nintendo
Nintendo Consoles Nintendo Games Nintendo Cases
Merchandise
Playstation Xbox Nintendo
Shop By Character & Franchise
Fifa Super Mario Bros Pokemon Minecraft Call Of Duty Halo Animal Crossing Marvel Sonic The Hedgehog Fortnite Lego Star Wars
Not To Be Missed
Latest Consoles Nintendo Switch OLED with Zelda Latest Gaming Consoles Offer EA Sports Pre Order Play Starfield on Xbox Discover PS5 Consoles
See all Gaming Close
Jewellery
Rings Necklaces Bracelets Earrings & Piercings Brooches Anklets Cufflinks Personalised Jewellery Jewellery Sets Hair Accessories Jewellery Boxes & Care
Watches
Mens Watches Ladies Watches Kids Watches Watch Accessories
Popular Gifts
Gift Sets Novelty Gifts & Gadgets Collectables & Keepsakes Gifts For The Home Fragrances Stationery Pet Gifts TV & Film Music Books
Gift Experiences
Adventure Days Out Driving Food & Drink For Two Short Breaks Spa Days Sports Stay at Home Experiences E-Gift Cards & Downloads
Food & Drink
Beer, Wine & Spirits Tea, Coffee & Hot Chocolate Chocolates Confectionery Hampers Condiments
Personalised Gifts
Baby Gifts Fashion & Accessories Food & Drink Homeware Jewellery Pet Gifts Photo Upload Gifts Sports Stationery
Fancy Dress
Adult Fancy Dress Costumes Kids Fancy Dress Costumes Fancy Dress Accessories Party Supplies
Shop By Recipient
For Him For Her For Them For Kids For Baby For Pets
Shop By Occasion
Retirement Graduation New Home Birthday Christening Baby Engagement Stag & Hen Do Wedding Anniversary
Shop By Brand
Beaverbrooks Virgin Experience Days Hotel Chocolat Virgin Wines Love DIAMOND Katie Loxton Michael Kors A to Z Brands
Not To Be Missed
SALE: Up to 30% off Christmas Shop Gifts Under £50 NEW! Gifts & Jewellery NEW! Rachel Jackson Experience gifting with same day vouchers
See all Gifts & Jewellery Close
Fragrances
Perfume Aftershave Unisex Fragrances
Skin & Body Care
Cleansers Scrubs & Exfoliators Toners Moisturisers Face Masks & Treatment Serums Eye Care Skin Care Sets Bath & Shower Body Care Hand & Foot Care Mother & Baby Sun Care & Tanning Skin Care Tools
Make Up
Eyes & Brows Face Lips Palettes Make Up Sets Travel Minis Tools & Accessories Nail Care
Hair
Shampoo & Treatments Hair Styling Products Hair Colourant Hair Dryers Hair Straighteners Hair Styling & Curlers ghd Hair Extensions Womens Hair Removal Hair Accessories
Mens Grooming
Mens Shavers Hair Clippers & Trimmers Body & Skin Care
Gift Sets
Beauty Skincare Bath & Body Hair Perfume Aftershave
Wellness
Aromatherapy Beauty & Pamper Experiences Beauty Supplements Diagnostics & Health Monitors Dental Care Face Coverings & Essentials Massagers & Spa Tools Muscle Toning Machines Light & Pain Therapy Pain Relief Sleep & Relaxation Sports Nutrition Weight Loss & Diet Womens Health
Shop By Brand
Dyson Elemis Benefit Estée Lauder ghd MARC JACOBS Remington BaByliss Montblanc Oral-B A-Z Brands
Inspire me
Beauty Edit Shop Instagram Very Beauty Blog Ghd Tutorials Very Skincare Hub Dyson Supersonic Hub
Not To Be Missed
New In Beauty Great Savings on Electrical Beauty Up to 50% off selected Fragrance Christmas Beauty Gifting Latest from Dyson Trending on Social
See all Health & Beauty Close
Online Help System
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Cookies
Relax.
Your personal data is in safe 
hands with Very
General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, governs how businesses process and handle customer data. Our helpful guide explains what it means for you. It won't take long, so you'll soon be back to shopping stuff you love. 
Want to know the basics?
Your privacy is our priority
Why & How we use your personal data
Don't worry, GDPR is really 
easy to get to grips with.
We'll keep things simple and explain to you what you should know...
All businesses in the UK who process personal data have to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR for short). You may have heard of GDPR and we want to explain how this applies to you and your relationship with Very.
At its heart, GDPR wants to better reflect the modern world we live in and make sure our personal information is kept safe and secure by businesses that use it. It's a good thing for all of us.
What is personal data?
Personal data is any information which relates to you. From your name and address to unique account numbers, any information that can identify you can be classed as personal.
This information is used by a vast array of organisations from your employer storing your personal details at work, to how your favourite shop targets you with their promotional offers.
Under GDPR, businesses are required to take greater care over your personal information and how it's used.
What does GDPR say?
GDPR aims to put you in further control of your information. You now have additional rights & this includes the right to access the information companies hold so you can understand what companies know about you. More information can be found in our privacy notice at the bottom of this page. 
We keep your personal data safe 
so there won't be any 
unexpected surprises. 
Our commitment to keeping your information private and safe hasn't changed! Trust has always been of great importance to us and will continue to be.
We continue to review how we work and will always have your interests at heart. 
Our privacy notice reflects our open and honest approach to how we collect and use your information. 
Above all we want to be clear on our ongoing promise to keep your information safe. 
In summary this policy explains how we will be open about what data we collect
In summary this policy explains how we will be open about how we use it
In summary this policy explains how we will demonstrate to you how we take your privacy very seriously 
Making our shopping 
experience unique to you!
We want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and using some of your information helps us to do that. By using your information, we can carefully select products and services that we think may be of interest to you rather than just send out lots of updates. 
If you are a customer or signed up to hear from us, then we may communicate things like promotions, discounts, new product launches or sale previews to you via email or text. Here's a quick example of how this works. 
What?
We were able to help thousands of our customers buy a leading Xbox bundle at the cheapest price on the market. 
How?
We were able to identify a group of customers who we knew were interested in buying an Xbox. Using this information we were able to contact those people with the best bundle at the best price using emails to communicate our offer. 
The Outcome
Our customers secured the best product at the best price. We made it easy for our customers to find the right product and were effective in our marketing. It's a win win. 
Credit Applications
Applying for credit means we'll need to know more about you, so we can responsibly provide the right amount of credit for you. The information is collected from you or from credit reference agencies is under the same conditions as any other personal information and, as always, you're protected by law.
Read More
Fraud Prevention
When it comes to preventing fraud and money laundering we leave no stone unturned. Whether it's our own checks or with the help of trusted third parties, your personal data will be used for fraud prevention purposes so that we can minimise any risk to you or us while you shop.
Read More
Contacting us and Unsubscribing
If you have any queries about data protection or would like a full list of companies who may receive your information, write to us and we'll provide everything you need. To unsubscribe from marketing offers and updates, customers with access to My Account can change their preferences online anytime. Or, if you don't have a registered online account, you can telephone or write to us and we'll do everything we can to help.
Read More
Data Controllers and Data Protection Officer
An organisation who collects, uses and manages personal data as you shop, is known as a Data Controller. The person whose job it is to make sure we act in accordance with the law is the Data Protection Officer. It's who you should contact if you have any concerns over the use of your data
Read More
How we use your personal data
We collect personal data to help us provide you with the best possible shopping experience. This is so we can make the right goods and services easily accessible to you and to also keep you in the know about things that may interest you. It's nothing to worry about and we're always here to help.
We may also collect personal data through cookies. For further information please see our cookies policy
Read More
Why we need your personal data
Personal data is anything that identifies you or relates to you. Things like your name, home address, email address or account details. We'll only collect and use this information where it is needed for us to be super-efficient in providing the goods and services you want from us. Plus, we'll only keep your data for as long as we are required to do so by law.
Read More
Who we transfer personal data to
Transferring your personal information to trusted partners such as courier companies delivering your parcels needs to take place so we can provide the best service to you. You can be sure that all the right safeguards are in place when we transfer your personal data.
Read More
Your rights
You have a number of rights under data privacy laws. You can have errors corrected, restrict how your information is used, object to the way your information is processed and control how it's used for marketing purposes. You can also request a copy of what data we hold and make a complaint if you feel you have not been treated fairly.
Read More
Credit Applications
Applying for credit means we'll need to know more about you, so we can responsibly provide the right amount of credit for you. The information is collected from you or from credit reference agencies is under the same conditions as any other personal information and, as always, you're protected by law.
Read More
Fraud Prevention
When it comes to preventing fraud and money laundering we leave no stone unturned. Whether it's our own checks or with the help of trusted third parties, your personal data will be used for fraud prevention purposes so that we can minimise any risk to you or us while you shop.
Read More
Contacting us and Unsubscribing
If you have any queries about data protection or would like a full list of companies who may receive your information, write to us and we'll provide everything you need. To unsubscribe from marketing offers and updates, customers with access to My Account can change their preferences online anytime. Or, if you don't have a registered online account, you can telephone or write to us and we'll do everything we can to help.
Read More
Data Controllers and Data Protection Officer
An organisation who collects, uses and manages personal data as you shop, is known as a Data Controller. The person whose job it is to make sure we act in accordance with the law is the Data Protection Officer. It's who you should contact if you have any concerns over the use of your data
Read More
How we use your personal data
We collect personal data to help us provide you with the best possible shopping experience. This is so we can make the right goods and services easily accessible to you and to also keep you in the know about things that may interest you. It's nothing to worry about and we're always here to help.
We may also collect personal data through cookies. For further information please see our cookies policy
Read More
Why we need your personal data
Personal data is anything that identifies you or relates to you. Things like your name, home address, email address or account details. We'll only collect and use this information where it is needed for us to be super-efficient in providing the goods and services you want from us. Plus, we'll only keep your data for as long as we are required to do so by law.
Read More
PreviousNext
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
View our full privacy notice
Find out here
HOME INSURANCE WITH A HOT OFFER!
FREE Dolce Gusto Coffee Machine worth £89.99 with Very Home Insurance (subject to availability). 
Offer ends 31/10/18. 
New Very Home Insurance customers only. Introduced by Shop Direct Finance Company Limited. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Sales arranged by Direct Group Limited.
Find out more
Now you're here you can discover 100s of premium brands for you and 
your home, all shoppable right now with your Very Exclusive account!
Shop New In
Great news you can now apply to increase your credit limit!
Click here to visit My Account and click Change my credit limit
Great news you can now apply to increase your credit limit by up to £1000!
Click here to visit My Account and click Change my credit limit
Get £10 back when you spend £125 or more with code GETFESTIVE10 
Get £20 back when you spend £175 or more with code GETFESTIVE20 
Get £30 back when you spend £250 or more with code GETFESTIVE30 
We will charge the full order value and then apply the credit back to your chosen payment method once the order is dispatched. The code can only be used once and not at the same time as other offer codes. Insurances & delivery/installation charges are excluded from the offer. Please note that if you return items from your order the credit will be reversed if the order value falls below the required amount. 
What is Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL)? 
BNPL is an interest-bearing option that allows you to delay payments on your purchases for up to 12 months depending on how much you spend. The delayed payment period starts from the date of order (including pre-ordered items and those not ready for immediate dispatch). 
Subject to eligibility, you may choose from bNPL for 6 months when you spend £50 or more.
Subject to eligibility, you may choose from bNPL for 9 months when you spend £undefined or more.
Subject to eligibility, you may choose from bNPL for 12 months when you spend £300 or more.
The delayed payment period and qualifying minimum order value is subject to offer and your account status and may be different to the values shown here. If you are eligible for BNPL your offer details will be confirmed in checkout. 
How is interest calculated? 
Interest is calculated from date of order and compounded daily. The interest will be added to your account as a lump sum at the end of the delayed payment period. This means you will pay interest on interest. 
How to avoid paying interest? 
You can avoid all of the interest by paying the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period, this can be done in one full payment or multiple partial payments. Making partial payments without clearing the cash price in full will reduce the amount of interest charged at the end of the delayed payment period. 
Remember, if you choose not to pay the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period a lump sum of compound interest will be charged to your account. 
How do I make a BNPL payment? 
To make a full or partial payment simply log into your account. You can allocate your payment to the specific BNPL you wish to pay off. Alternatively, you can call us. 
What happens after the delayed payment period? 
If you have paid the cash price in full before the end of the delayed payment period, you will not pay any interest. 
If you have not paid the cash price in full or have only made a partial payment, a lump sum of interest will be charged to your account. Any outstanding balance plus the interest will now become payable. 
As the outstanding balance, plus the interest now form part of your payable balance they will attract interest at your account rate, meaning you will pay interest on interest. This will be included within your account minimum payment request every month and cannot be repaid using Take 3. 
What is excluded from BNPL? 
The costs for delivery, installation services and monthly insurance products cannot be placed on BNPL. 
Do I still have to pay my minimum payment? 
Yes, allocating payments to BNPL will not cover the minimum payment on your account. If you have a non-BNPL balance, you will still need to make at least your minimum payment as shown on your statement. 
Pay in 3 with Take 3
3 payments, 3 months, pay no interest.
Take 3 is always available with Very Pay for every item you purchase, any time you shop
You don't need to select Take 3 at checkout, simply add your purchases to your credit account and we will automatically calculate your Take 3 payment for you
All you need to do is pay the Take 3 amount shown on your statement, by the due date and you'll pay no interest
There's no extra cost, just a payment option that allows you to delay payment for at least 20 days and split the cost of your purchases into 3 equal payments
You can use Take 3 as many times as you want as long as you have the available credit on your Account
With Take 3 you can choose to pay less than the Take 3 amount. However, if you do, interest will be charged at your account rate 
Excludes purchases on Buy Now Pay Later.
Very Pay gives you a choice of ways to pay 
And you can avoid interest on every purchase.
Monthly
You can choose to pay monthly with flexible monthly payments.
You always have the flexibility to pay a monthly amount that suits you. 
This must be at least £5 or 7% of your balance. The minimum payment is detailed on your statement. If you pay this way you will be charged interest, and it will take you longer to pay off your balance.
Remember, your interest rate information is in 'My Account'. Just click the 'My Details' tab, and then into 'My APR'.
Pay in 3 with Take 3 
3 payments, 3 months, pay no interest.
This lets you split the cost of anything over 3 months.
Plus, you pay nothing for at least 20 days.
If you choose not to make your Take 3 payments, then you'll pay interest on your balance at your account rate.
Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL)
Shop now and delay payment, subject to your credit and account status.
BNPL is an interest-bearing option that allows you to delay payments on your purchases for up to 12 months depending on how much you spend.
The costs for delivery, installation services and monthly insurance products cannot be placed on BNPL.
If eligible, the delayed payment period and minimum order values to qualify for Buy Now Pay Later will be detailed in checkout and are subject to offer.
The delayed payment period starts from the date of order (including pre-ordered items and those not ready for immediate dispatch). 
If you choose not to pay the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period a lump sum of compound interest will be charged to your account.
This will attract interest at your account rate, meaning you will pay interest on interest. This will be included within your account minimum payment request on your monthly statement and cannot be repaid using Take 3.
Remember, avoid interest by paying the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period, this can be done in one full payment or multiple partial payments.
Pay now 
You can pay in full today using a credit or debit card.
Very Pay gives you a choice of ways to pay 
And you can avoid interest on every purchase.
Monthly
You can choose to pay monthly with flexible monthly payments.
You always have the flexibility to pay a monthly amount that suits you. 
This must be at least £5 or 7% of your balance. The minimum payment is detailed on your statement. If you pay this way you will be charged interest, and it will take you longer to pay off your balance.
Pay in 3 with Take 3 
3 payments, 3 months, pay no interest.
This lets you split the cost of anything over 3 months.
Plus, you pay nothing for at least 20 days.
If you choose not to make your Take 3 payments, then you'll pay interest on your balance at your account rate.
Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL)
Shop now and delay payment, subject to your credit and account status.
BNPL is an interest-bearing option that allows you to delay payments on your purchases for up to 12 months depending on how much you spend.
The costs for delivery, installation services and monthly insurance products cannot be placed on BNPL.
If eligible, the delayed payment period and minimum order values to qualify for Buy Now Pay Later will be detailed in checkout and are subject to offer.
The delayed payment period starts from the date of order (including pre-ordered items and those not ready for immediate dispatch). 
If you choose not to pay the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period a lump sum of compound interest will be charged to your account.
This will attract interest at your account rate, meaning you will pay interest on interest. This will be included within your account minimum payment request on your monthly statement and cannot be repaid using Take 3.
Remember, avoid interest by paying the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period, this can be done in one full payment or multiple partial payments.
Pay now 
You can pay in full today using a credit or debit card.
Representative Example 
This represents a typical cost of using Very Pay: Representative 42.9% APR variable (annual interest rate of 42.9% variable). A personalised credit limit, typically £1,000. You may be offered other promotional interest rates.
VeryPay gives you a choice of ways to pay 
And you can avoid interest on every purchase.
Monthly
You can choose to pay monthly with flexible monthly payments.
You always have the flexibility to pay a monthly amount that suits you. 
This must be at least £5 or 7% of your balance. The minimum payment is detailed on your statement. If you pay this way you will be charged interest, and it will take you longer to pay off your balance.
Remember, your interest rate information is in 'My Account'. Just click the 'My Details' tab, and then into 'My APR'.
Pay in 3 with Take 3 
3 payments, 3 months, pay no interest.
This lets you split the cost of anything over 3 months.
Plus, you pay nothing for at least 20 days.
If you choose not to make your Take 3 payments, then you'll pay interest on your balance at your account rate.
Buy Now Pay Later 
Shop now and delay payment, subject to your credit and account status.
BNPL is an interest-bearing option that allows you to delay payments on your purchases for up to 12 months depending on how much you spend.
The costs for delivery, installation services and monthly insurance products cannot be placed on BNPL.
If eligible, the delayed payment period and minimum order values to qualify for Buy Now Pay Later will be detailed in checkout and are subject to offer.
The delayed payment period starts from the date of order (including pre-ordered items and those not ready for immediate dispatch). 
If you choose not to pay the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period a lump sum of compound interest will be charged to your account.
This will attract interest at your account rate, meaning you will pay interest on interest. This will be included within your account minimum payment request on your monthly statement and cannot be repaid using Take 3..
Remember, avoid interest by paying the cash price before the end of the delayed payment period, this can be done in one full payment or multiple partial payments.
Pay now 
You can pay in full today using a credit or debit card.
Representative Example 
This represents a typical cost of using VeryPay representative 42.9% APR variable (annual interest rate of 42.9% variable). A personalised credit limit, typically £1,000. You may be offered other promotional interest rates.
Very Pay credit provided, subject to credit and account status, by Shop Direct Finance Company Limited. Registered office: First Floor, Skyways House, Speke Road, Speke, Liverpool, L70 1AB. Registered number: 4660974. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Over 18's only. 
My account 
Account summary 
Track my order 
Delivery & returns 
Ways to Pay & Protect 
Very Pay 
Very Protect 
Very Money Matters 
Cards & Loans 
Very Credit Card 
Looking for a loan? 
Help 
Help & FAQs 
Product support hub 
Financial difficulties 
Cost of Living Support 
Persistent debt 
PPI complaints 
Contact us 
Terms & conditions 
Product recall & safety 
Careers 
Become an affiliate 
Corporate Social Responsibility 
Fraud and scam awareness 
Buying guides 
Website Vulnerability Disclosure 
Brand directory 
Site map 
Privacy notice and cookies 
Privacy policy 
Cookie policy 
Manage cookies 
Download the app
Let's get social 
Facebook 
Instagram 
Pinterest 
Twitter 
YouTube 
The Very Group Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
Shop Direct Home Shopping Limited. Registered number: 4663281. Registered office: 1st Floor, Skyways House, Speke Road, Speke, Liverpool L70 1AB. 
retailerId
4f449729
-failover
false
view
storeId
VERY
excludeDefaultStore
true
2
Item saved for later
View my saved items
Ok, don't show me this again
We use cookies
By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Settings