LIGHTRICKS PRIVACY POLICY, EN
POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ DE LIGHTRICKS, FR
INFORMATIVA SULLA PRIVACY DI LIGHTRICKS, IT
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD DE LIGHTRICKS, ES
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDADE DA LIGHTRICKS, PTPOR
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDADE DA LIGHTRICKS, PTPBR
LIGHTRICKS, DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE, DE
ПОЛИТИКА КОНФИДЕНЦИАЛЬНОСТИ LIGHTRICKS, RU
LIGHTRICKS GİZLİLİK POLİTİKASI, TR
Lightricksプライバシーポリシー
LIGHTRICKS 개인정보처리방침
LIGHTRICKS PRIVACY POLICY
[Last Modified: August 17, 2023]
Lightricks Ltd., including our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Lightricks", "we", "our" or "us"), puts great efforts in making sure that the personal data we process is stored securely and used properly, and that our data processing practices are accurately communicated to our users and prospective users.
Lightricks is a pioneer in innovative technology that bridges the gap between imagination and creation. Lightricks' photo and video editing tools offer endless possibilities and inspiration, providing individuals, content creators, or influencers the ability to monetize their work and offer brands opportunities to scale their content through tailored creator partnerships. Lightricks is a global company, offering these services, apps and technology worldwide. 
This Privacy Policy ("Policy" or "Privacy Policy") describes how we collect, store, use and disclose information while using any of the services, technologies and apps detailed herein. We tried to detail these processes in a simple and friendly manner, however, as Lightricks offers various mobile and web-apps (each an "App"), features and feeds ("Lightricks Feed"), and an online marketplace ("Popular Pays Marketplace") connecting brands and agencies ("Brands") and individuals, content creators, influencers ("Creators"), all of which process your information differently, we encourage you to read carefully and reach out to us if you have any further questions. 
This Policy is applicable to (collectively and separately, referred to as "you" or "your"): prospects and visitors browsing our websites, landing pages, engaging with ads and campaigns promoting our services, blogs or other web-forms ("Prospect" or "Visitor"); users installing and using our Apps; Brands and Creators using the Popular Pays Marketplace; and any individuals using our services. 
You are not required, at any time, to provide us with personal data or personal information. 
POLICY TOPICS.
UPDATES AND AMENDMENTS2
CONTACT INFORMATION AND ROLES2
TYPE OF DATA SETS PROCESSED3
PURPOSE, LAWFUL BASIS, AND PROCESSING OPERATIONS3
TABLE A: APPS3
TABLE B: AI MACHINE LEARNING AND INTERNAL DEVELOPMENT8
TABLE C: POPULAR PAYS MARKETPLACE9
TABLE D: PROSPECTS AND INDIVIDUALS INTERACTION WITH OUR WEBSITE, ADS OR DIGITAL ASSETS12
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION14
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES14
DATA SHARING, CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH15
USER RIGHTS17
DATA RETENTION17
SECURITY MEASURES17
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER18
ELIGIBILITY AND CHILDREN PRIVACY18
SPECIFICATIONS18
Additional Notice to California Residents:18
ii. Additional Notice to Colorado Residents:18
iii. Additional Notice to Virginia Residents:22
iv. Additional Notice to Connecticut Residents:23
Additional Notice to Utah Residents (Effective January 2024):24
vi. Additional Notice to Nevada Residents:24
vii. Additional Notice to Brazil Residents:24
UPDATES AND AMENDMENTS
We may update and amend this Policy from time to time, at our sole discretion. The most recent version of the Policy will always be accessible from the website or Apps. The updated date of the Policy will be reflected in the "Last Modified" heading. In case of a material change, or if required by law, we will provide notice reflecting these changes. Any amendments to the Policy will become effective within 30 days after we publish the modified Policy. We recommend you review this Policy periodically to ensure that you understand our most updated privacy practices.
CONTACT INFORMATION AND ROLES
Lightricks Ltd. is incorporated under the laws of the state of Israel and, unless otherwise explicitly mentioned in the table below, is the Controller of the Personal Data (as such terms are defined under the General Data Protection Regulations "GDPR" or equivalent privacy legislation). 
For any questions, inquiries or concerns related to this Privacy Policy or the processing of your Personal Data, you may contact us as follows dPO Contact Information: dpo@lightricks.com
By Mail.
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalem, Israel, 9190401
Representative for data subjects in the EU and UK Contact Information we have appointed representatives in Germany and in the UK for data protection matters concerning EU or UK data subjects.
Inquiries regarding our EU privacy practices may be sent to our Data Protection Representative ("DPR") as follow dPR Contact Information: dpr@lightricks.com
By Mail.
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Inquiries regarding our UK privacy practices may be sent to our UK DPR as follow uK-DPR Contact Information: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
By Mail.
Lightricks (UK), 
ICO Registration number: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT United Kingdom.
TYPE OF DATA SETS PROCESSED 
During your use or interaction with the services, we collect aggregated, non-personal, non-identifiable information ("Non-Personal Data "). Non-Personal Data collected includes aggregated usage information, anonymized information, and technical information, such as: type of browser or device, language preference, time and date stamp, etc. 
We further collect information that identifies an individual or may, with reasonable effort, be used to identify an individual ("Personal Data"). The types of Personal Data that we collect as well as the purpose for processing such data are specified in the table below. For the avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Data connected or linked to any Personal Data shall be deemed Personal Data as long as such connection or linkage exists. 
We may process demographic data and certain profiling criteria, which is inferred from the data sets listed below, by means of example, from your pictures we may determine your gender and age. 
PURPOSE, LAWFUL BASIS, AND PROCESSING OPERATIONS
We have detailed below, for each asset and services, the Personal Data processed, the purpose and operation and the lawful basis for such processing. There are four tables below, Table A details the Personal Data processed while using our Apps, Table B details the Personal Data used for development, AI machine learning, or otherwise used for internal purposes, Table C details the Personal Data processed when using Popular Pays Marketplace and Table D details the Personal Data processed when you interact with our website, ads, or otherwise. 
TABLE A: APPS
DATA SET
PURPOSE AND OPERATIONS
LAWFUL BASIS 
Account Data.
After you install the App, you will log in and create your account (for iOS users, creating an account is optional). 
You may choose to login using your Apple, Facebook or Google account or otherwise by entering your email address and choosing a password. 
If you login through Facebook, Google or Apple, we will receive information connected to such account (depending on the privacy settings you chose) such as your name, profile picture, friends list, demographic data, and location. 
We use the Account Data to create an account to authenticate the identity of you. If you use several Apps and you have signed in, we will be able to identify you across those various Apps and share the information processed in each of the Apps. We will further send you invoices, materials and content, including marketing materials, through the email address you provided during your registration ("Direct Marketing").
Processing of the Account Data necessary for the performance of a contract.
Processing for Direct Marketing is subject to our legitimate interest, you may opt-out at any time by unsubscribing. Note, even if you unsubscribe certain operational emails will still be sent. 
Online Identifiers and Usage Data.
When you use the Apps, we, or our third-party partners, identify you through Online Identifiers. "Online Identifiers" are unique identifiers, including IDFA or AAID, IP address, device ID, cookie ID, agent, etc. 
We further process, directly or indirectly through our third-party partners, usage data, which may or may not be associated with the Online Identifiers. When associated with an Online Identifier it will be treated as Personal Data, otherwise, if the usage data is aggregated, anonymized or de-identified, it will not be considered as Personal Data. 
The usage data includes information regarding your interaction with the App, features used, duration of use, click stream data, errors that occurred, as well as your interaction with the content or ads displayed, records of advertising and content displayed on pages or App screens displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (collectively "Usage Data"). 
Online Identifiers and Usage Data are used for analytics and operational purposes, correcting errors and bugs, adjust language preference, if applicable, to enable you to use the app and to provide you with its functionalities. 
Some of the Apps further display interest-based ads or other marketing and promotions which are based on the Usage Data. 
When the processing is for marketing or tracking, we will process the Personal Data solely based on consent. 
When the processing of Personal Data is for operations and providing the App functionalities, the lawful basis would be contract necessity. 
Last, the Personal Data maybe processed subject to our legitimate interest of understanding how our services are used, correcting errors and enhancing experience, including by personalizing offers and promotions. 
Images, Photos and Videos.
To enable the services, you will either provide us access to your photo gallery or upload photos from your gallery. images, photos and videos are processed on your device to determine the estimated location of parts of faces (such as the eyes, nose or mouth) and points on the face and eyes, which are applied to a generic model of a face that is used to help you edit images and videos in real time ("Face Data").
We also collect demographic data processed on iOS devices such as age and gender from your images, photos, videos.
When photos and images are used for creating artwork or adding effects to your creations, the selected image is uploaded to the Lightricks Cloud. No data is processed by these effects or is used to identify you, and no data is stored on the Lightricks Cloud except for the original image and the output image, which are deleted within 30-days unless you request otherwise.
We process the data to enable the use of the features available within the Apps, including the ability to edit your images, videos and media. 
We will process the demographic data to market personalized offers by Lightricks. We do not use your actual photos, videos or Face Data for marketing purposes and this information is not shared with any third parties. 
Face Data is processed on your device. We do not collect or store Face Data on our servers or share it with third parties. 
We process the images, video and photos, including the Face Data for the purpose of providing the services and complying with our contractual obligations to you. 
If you choose to store projects that use Face Data, the data will be stored on your device until you delete the project, the project is deleted automatically due to storage limits, or you delete the App.
If you granted access to your photo gallery, you can revoke the permission at any time. 
AI Tools and Avatars.
Certain apps include artificial intelligence ("AI") technology for editing images, photos and videos, for creating personalized magical avatars ("Avatars"), motions and effects, art styles, text to image, etc. (collectively "Outputs").
For this, we will process the original images and videos uploaded ("Inputs") on the Lightricks Cloud. Our AI technology uses face detection to determine the posture, location and other non-identifying characteristics of faces that appear in frame, and may process non-user Personal Data as further described in the section below. 
The Outputs are usually stored on your device and we do not have access or control over them, however, your purchased Avatars are stored on the Lightricks Cloud so that they remain accessible to you through the App at any time and from any device until you decide to delete them. 
We use the data uploaded to the Lightricks Cloud, meaning the Input and the Output, for the purpose of providing the Services and generating the Output. 
To create the Avatars, we process 10-25 images as Inputs for the purpose of providing the Services and comply with our contractual obligations to you. Currently we are using the neural network model Stable Diffusion that allows users to generate personalized Avatars. 
The Inputs are deleted within 24 hours, unless the Input is provided for creating the Avatar, in which case it will be deleted immediately once the Avatar was created. 
Non-user Personal Data.
Where we are able to determine that you have shared non-user Personal Data with us, such as the images or videos that you submit in connection with our "couples' avatars" feature, we will use the images or videos to generate the avatar, or other Output and delete the Inputs permanently from the Lightricks Cloud.
In addition, you may invite friends to use our Apps. By doing that you will be requested to share the contact details of your friends (such as email address or phone number). 
We process the photo solely for the purpose of providing the Services, we will not have any other use of the original photo. 
We will process your friend contact details only for the purpose of sending them an invite to use the Services, we will not use this data for any other purpose. 
Legitimate interest in providing the Services to our User. 
Support.
When you contact us for customer support, we will process your contact information. 
We will use the contact information to provide the customer support needed. We will retain such correspondence for as long as needed, and to evidence the support was provided. 
We process such information to provide the support services and fulfill the contractual obligations. 
Survey and Feedback.
We may ask you to provide feedback on our services. If you choose to address our request for such feedback or participate in our survey, we will collect your feedback and contact information such as your name, email address, etc. 
We use this information to improve, revise and enhance our Service, as well as optimize and customize the Services. 
We process such information subject to your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us through the contact information provided herein.
Purchase Details.
Certain features and Services are subject to payment, either in-app or subscription payments. Payments are made through in app purchase ("IAP") by third party payment services; however, we process the commercial transaction data such as, records of purchases and prices; shipping details (if applicable); address, contact telephone number and email address. 
We use this information to process your payments. 
We may use third parties' services and platforms to process the Payment Data, such as Adyen and Paypal, or through IAP in which Google Play or Apple Store would govern such payments. Consequently, any transactions processed by the third parties' platforms will be governed by its own privacy policy and terms, which we recommend that you review. 
Performance of our contract with you. 
Social Media.
When you use Lightricks feed, or share your creations on social media, we will process Personal Data which you make available, such as profile photos, name, email address, social media accounts, reactions to feed posts ("Feed Data").
We use the Feed Data to provide you with the Lightricks Feed Services and to enable your interaction with third party social media.
We process Feed Data for the performance of a contract with you. Note, information you choose to make public, may not be able to be deleted even if you delete the App and Account. 
Permissions.
Depending on the App used or the features you wish to enjoy, you will be asked to grant us access permissions such as: access to photo gallery, enable tracking tools, push notification, access to your social accounts, etc. ("App Permissions"). 
We will use these permissions to process the information needed to provide the Service or enhance the Service. 
To access these App Permissions, you will need to actively and explicitly enable them through an in-app permission or the mobile settings, you can disable the App Permissions at any time, however note, depending on the App Permission you disable a feature or all features might not properly operate. 
For more information on the SDKs integrated on our Apps, please see below we use third-party analytics service providers such as Google Analytics, Google's Crashlytics and Firebase services, and Facebook. We may disclose your information to these analytics providers to help us learn more about how you and others use our services appsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
We will disclose the information to third party analytic providers for marketing and tracking purposes, analytics and operational purposes, correcting errors and bugs, adjust language preference, if applicable, to enable you to use the app and to provide you with its functionalities. 
When the processing is for marketing or tracking, we will process the Personal Data solely based on consent. Otherwise, we will process these SDKs subject to our legitimate interest. 
TABLE B: AI MACHINE LEARNING AND INTERNAL DEVELOPMENT
DATA SET
PURPOSE AND OPERATIONS
LAWFUL BASIS 
Usage Data; 
Inputs, including the posture, location and other non-identifying characteristics of faces detected in Inputs by our AI technology (but not including Face Data, defined above). 
We will use the data to enrich the content and improve the features available within the Services. 
We will use this information to personalize the service offered to you, tailor offers to your interest and offering additional Lightricks products, apps or services which we believe you will enjoy. 
To improve the AI technology and to offer better Services, we use parts of the Input in an anonymized manner, to train the algorithm and create models (such as diffusion models, GAN, and others). The Input cannot be linked to you, identified with you, or used to identify. We will not use the Input in whole but rather we will process certain copies extracted from the Input. 
We will not be able to, and we do not aim to, authenticate or uniquely identify you, or any other person, using these models. 
In addition, we automatically label certain images detected in your Input such as "dog", "cat", and male or female to improve the performance of the AI features, such as text-to-image and Avatar creation and for purposes of labeling data for use in machine learning. Note that labeled data is not tied to any identified individual.
The machine learning and data labeling is processed subject to our legitimate interest to improve our Services and technology. We ensure that identifying information, such as device identifiers or Online Identifiers, is not associated with the information used for learning and training, including the Input, meaning the Input cannot be re-identified with you or associated with you.
Except as detailed above, models used for training and learning and are deleted within 180 days. 
Please note that we do our best to moderate the setting of the AI model to not include any inappropriate or harmful content, however, it is your sole responsibility to upload images, videos, and other content that is not unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent, or can be otherwise interpreted as harmful content. Please contact us at dpo@lightricks.com if you find any content to be offensive. The use of the AI technologies is subject to the AI Terms as well, available at: website_url_lnk 
TABLE C: POPULAR PAYS MARKETPLACE
DATA SET
PURPOSE AND OPERATIONS
LAWFUL BASIS 
Registration.
When the Brans signs up on Popular Pays Marketplace it shall fill in the contact information of the authorized users (name, phone number, email address, website, etc.). 
Following registration and creation of the Brand Account, the Brand will have access to the dashboard which will include further data regarding its campaigns, statistics and analysis regarding its campaigns, user engagement, etc. 
We use this information to create an account, provide account management, enable your interaction with the Creators, perform the marketing campaigns, provide support and any requested Services. 
The campaign insights are provided in an aggregated analytic manner. 
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract. 
Creator Accounts.
A Creator will need to create a portfolio which will include full name, email address, age, gender, location, shipping address, demographic data, payment information (which will include your bank account details or Apple-Pay/ Google-Pay account), your profession or specializations (e.g., lifestyle, fashion, beauty, financing planning), language preferences, etc.
Any such information you make available through the portfolio is deemed "Portfolio Data".
In addition, in order to participate in campaigns, the Creator will need to upload its creations to the portfolio, integrate its social media accounts through which Brands will be able to review the Creator's work, bio and the type of followers the Creator interacts with. 
We use the Portfolio Data to create the portfolio, make it available for Brands to review, enable your interaction with the Brands, provide account management, provide support and any requested Services. 
We further will use the content uploaded and the Portfolio Data to create aggregated insights on your audience and content (e.g., gender, age range, geo location, etc.).
Portfolio Data is necessary for the performance of our contract obligations in providing the services.
The insights are processed subject to our legitimate interest. 
The creations you upload may also include Personal Data, however, we are the Processor (as such terms is defined under the GDPR) of such Personal Data, hosting the creations on your behalf. 
Usage Data.
We collect information on how, when and where you use the service, access the Account, and actions conducted on the Popular Pays Marketplace. 
We use this information solely for the purpose of improving the Services, fixing bugs and errors. 
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract. 
Customer Support.
When you contact us for customer support, we will process your contact information. 
We will use the contact information to provide the customer support needed. We will retain such correspondence for as long as needed, and to evidence the support was provided. 
We process such information to provide the support services and fulfill the contractual obligations. 
Direct Marketing.
We will send you service communications and marketing promotions, such as new features, additional offerings, special opportunities or any other information we think you will find valuable. 
We will use this information to keep you updated with offers and content and for operations (invoices, offers, etc.). 
We process such information subject to our legitimate interest. You can opt-out at any time through the "unsubscribe" link within the email at any time. 
Campaigns.
As a Brand, we provide services that enable you to deliver relevant content to end users, by targeting specific audience. 
The targeted campaign will be directed to potential customers who appear to have the same or similar interests as the Brand's existing customers, based on the segments we collect and analyze ("Insights").
We use such Insights for targeting campaigns on behalf of the Brand, as part of the services provided through the Marketplace. 
We process this on behalf of the Brand as a Processor (as such terms is defined under the GDPR) and subject to the Brand's instructions. 
Booking a Demo.
In the event you choose to book a free demo, you will be requested to provide us with your full name, phone number, and company email address.
We will use this to provide you with the information or services that you have requested.
We process such information subject to our legitimate interest. 
Purchase Details.
Certain features and Services are subject to payment, either IAP or subscription payments by third party payment services; however, we process the commercial transaction data such as, records of purchases and prices; shipping details (if applicable); address, contact telephone number and email address.
We use this information to process your payments. 
We may use third parties' services and platforms to process the Payment Data, such as Adyen, Stripe, Braintre, and Paypal, or through IAP in which Google Play or Apple Store would govern such payments Consequently, any transactions are processed by the third parties' platforms will be governed by its own privacy policy and terms, which we recommend that you review.
Contract Necessity 
TABLE D: PROSPECTS AND INDIVIDUALS INTERACTION WITH OUR WEBSITE, ADS OR DIGITAL ASSETS
DATA SET
PURPOSE AND OPERATIONS
LAWFUL BASIS 
Online Identifiers and Usage Data.
When you interact with our website, we, directly or indirectly collect Online Identifiers and Usage Data (i.e., access time and date, movement within the website, click stream, duration, referred URLs, content viewed, etc.).
We process this information to improve the website, identify errors and bugs as well as for statistic, analytic and marketing purposes. 
The Personal Data collected for operating the website, through first party cookies are based on our legitimate interest of enable the operation of the website and services. 
Depending on your jurisdiction, third-party cookies will be able to process Personal Data solely if you provided consent through the cookie notice and the consent management tool that is used on the website. 
You may withdraw consent at any time by using the cookie preference settings. 
Advertising.
When we market the services, we use third party providers or tools to manage these ad campaigns. Through these tools, we collect information such as the individuals' journey, when they clicked our ad and if they installed, subscribed or engaged with such campaign or app. 
To perform, facilitate and optimize our marketing campaigns, ad management and sales operations, and to manage and deliver advertisements for our products and services more effectively, including on other websites and applications. 
Subject to your consent through in-app permission or cookie banner, as applicable. 
Contact Information.
If you voluntarily contact us through chat, email or other means, or if you fill in a survey, or provide feedback, you will be required to provide us with certain information such as your name, email address, and any additional information you decide to share with us.
If you are contacting us on behalf of another person, we value your assistance and care for others, please note that it is your responsibility to make sure that any person whose Personal Data you provide is aware of the principles of this statement and agrees that you will provide Personal Data to us on this basis.
We process the information to respond to your inquiry. We may also process the correspondence information in order to improve our sales services or customer support.
We process the information subject to our legitimate interest in order to respond to your inquiry. We may keep such correspondence if we are legally required to. 
Call Records.
When contacting our Prospect, we might record the calls ("Call Records").
We use such Call Records in order to manage, measure and improve our sales efforts and enhance our Services. 
We process Call Records subject to your consent which will be obtained at the beginning of our conversation. 
Newsletter Registration.
In the event you sign up to receive our newsletter, blog updates or other marketing materials, you will be requested to provide your contact details, such as your email address. 
We will use your email in order to send you our newsletter and other marketing materials. 
We process such contact information subject to your consent. You may withdraw consent at any time through the "unsubscribe" link within the email or by contacting us directly. 
Please note that the actual processing operation per each purpose of use and lawful basis detailed in the table above may differ. Such processing operation usually includes a set of operations made by automated means, such as collection, storage, use, disclosure by transmission, erasure, or destruction. The transfer of personal data to third-party countries, as further detailed below under International Data Transfer Section, is based on the same lawful basis as stipulated in the table above. 
In addition, we may use certain Personal Data to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts, and any other misuse of the Services and to enforce the Terms, as well as to protect the security or integrity of our databases and the Services, and to take precautions against legal liability. Such processing is based on our legitimate interests. 
We may collect different categories of Personal Data and Non-Personal Data from you, depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services provided through the website, Apps, Web-Services and the Popular Pays Marketplace, as detailed above. If we combine Personal Data with Non-Personal Data, the combined information will be treated as Personal Data for as long as it remains combined. 
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, we may collect the above detailed information from you, as follows, Automatically, when you visit our website or interact with our services, including through the use of Cookies (as detailed below) and similar tracking technologies.
Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, we may collect the above detailed information from you, as follows, When you voluntarily choose to provide us with information, such as when you contact us or request a demo, all as detailed in this Policy.
Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, we may collect the above detailed information from you, as follows, By our third parties service providers which collect personal data on our behalf, such as analytics service providers.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We may use cookies, tracking pixels (also known as clear GIFs and web beacons), third party software development kits as detailed in Table A above, and other technologies in order to maintain, provide, and improve our website, online platform and its services or our Apps. We use Cookies for various purposes Preferences: this type of cookie helps us to secure and maintain our services, and remembers your preferences so you don't have to re-set them each time you visit.
We may use cookies, tracking pixels (also known as clear GIFs and web beacons), third party software development kits as detailed in Table A above, and other technologies in order to maintain, provide, and improve our website, online platform and its services or our Apps. We use Cookies for various purposes Statistics Cookies: these tools are used for analytic purposes, to better understand the use of the services, Apps and websites.
We may use cookies, tracking pixels (also known as clear GIFs and web beacons), third party software development kits as detailed in Table A above, and other technologies in order to maintain, provide, and improve our website, online platform and its services or our Apps. We use Cookies for various purposes Registration Cookies: When you register and sign in, we generate cookies that let us know whether you are signed in or not.
We may use cookies, tracking pixels (also known as clear GIFs and web beacons), third party software development kits as detailed in Table A above, and other technologies in order to maintain, provide, and improve our website, online platform and its services or our Apps. We use Cookies for various purposes Marketing Cookies: These cookies allow us to know whether or not you've seen an ad or a type of ad, how you interacted with such an ad, and how long it has been since you've seen it. We also use cookies to help us with targeted advertising. We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information ad networks and ad serving providers collect about your use of our website and other sites or apps over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.
For more information on the cookies used please see our Cookie Policy. 
DATA SHARING, CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH
We share your data with third parties, including our partners or service providers that help us provide our Services. You can find here information about the categories of such third-party recipients. 
CATEGORY OF RECIPIENT
DATA THAT MAY BE SHARED
PURPOSE OF SHARING 
Essential Service Providers, which process data on our behalf, for the purpose of providing the services, securing and improving the services. 
All data except for data which is stored locally on your device.
We may disclose Personal Data to our trusted service providers that provide technology or platforms that are essential for providing the Services ("Essential Service Providers"). Such Essential Service Providers include hosting, and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), internet service providers, operating systems and platforms, data and cyber security services, fraud detection services, billing and payment processing services, shipping and handling services, session or activity recording services, support and customer relation management systems. Essential Service Providers have access, or process on our behalf. The Essential Service Providers are prohibited from using your personal information for any purposes other than providing us with requested services. 
Marketing Service Providers 
Behavior data, Usage Data, Online Identifiers, Account Data, and profiling data.
Our marketing service providers, that either process on our behalf certain data which we use to target you and offer you our Services, or they provide us with tools to do so ("Marketing Service Providers"). 
Consultants
Account and registration data, contact information, and any other data except for data which is stored locally on your device. 
Our legal, financial and compliance advisors ("Consultants") may be exposed to certain Personal Data. The Consultants are bound by privilege obligations or confidentiality agreements and are prohibited to share any Personal Data except for providing the services we requested. 
Third-party platforms 
Registration data, Creations, and Popular Pays Marketplace activity. 
Our services may include links to third-party websites, and integrations with third-party services. Such websites and third-party services, and any information you process, submit, transmit, store or otherwise use with such websites and third-party services, are beyond the scope of Lightricks' terms of use and Privacy Policy and will therefore be governed by such third-party's terms and privacy practices and policies, and not by this Privacy Policy. Moreover, if the Services integrate with a third-party service, the API that performs the integration will enable the relevant third party to serve you certain content as well as access some of your content. For example, if you wish to upload or otherwise share your content to an integrated third-party service such as Instagram or TikTok, or to make use of certain functionality in those services, the API will enable the applicable third party to access your content (such as your photo library). 
Other users 
Creations, name, contact information. 
Due to the nature of the Apps and the Lightricks Feed feature, certain Personal Data available in the Apps is visible to other Lightricks users in that App, for example your username, likes and comments on other content. We will never share your photos or videos with other users unless you actively choose to do so. 
Subsidiaries and affiliated companies
All data except for data which is stored locally on your device.
We may share Personal Data, internally within our group or in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g., sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale). In the event of the above, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Policy. 
Third parties, authorities, security providers, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties.
Any data except for data which is stored locally on your device, depending on the purpose and needs. 
For protecting rights and safety of our services and Apps, we may share Personal Data with others if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of users or individuals, or any members of the general public. This will include legal and law enforcement purposes, meaning, in response to a verified request relating to terror acts, criminal investigations or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other user to legal liability, and solely to the extent necessary to comply with such purpose. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that: we are legally compelled to do so; disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing; or such disclosure is required to protect our legitimate business interests, including the security or integrity of our services. 
When we share information with service providers and partners, we ensure they only have access to such information that is strictly necessary for us to provide the services. These parties are required to secure the data they receive and to use the data for pre-agreed purposes only while ensuring compliance with all applicable data protection regulations (such service providers may use other Non-Personal Data for their own benefit).
USER RIGHTS
We acknowledge that different people have different privacy concerns and preferences. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. We allow you to exercise certain choices, rights, and controls in connection with your information. Depending on your relationship with us, your jurisdiction and the data protection laws that apply to you, you have the right to control and request certain limitations or rights to be executed.
For detailed information on your rights and how to exercise your rights, please see the Data Subject Request Form ("DSR") form available here and send it to our DPO: dpo@lightricks.com. 
Further, certain rights are available within the App: you may correct, revise and delete information from the App settings at any time, any consent provided may be easily withdrawn, and you may opt-out from certain features and tracking, therefore we recommend you use the technical solutions we have provided you with to exercise your rights.
DATA RETENTION
In general, unless a different retention period is described above, we retain the Personal Data we collect for as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, when permissible by law or regulation, or until you express your preference to opt-out, where applicable. 
Other circumstances in which we may retain your Personal Data for longer periods of time when permissible by law or regulation include: where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, or accounting requirements, or for us to have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your Personal Data. 
Please note that except as required by applicable law or our specific agreements with you, we will not be obligated to retain your Personal Data for any particular period, and we are free to securely delete it or restrict access to it for any reason and at any time, with or without notice to you. If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us by e-mail at: dpo@lightricks.com. 
10. SECURITY MEASURES
We implement appropriate and industry-standard technical, organizational, and security measures to reduce the risks of damage to (or loss of) information, or any unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your Personal Data, it is not guaranteed, and you cannot expect that the services will be immune to information security risks or attacks. Also, as the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer, device or network you use to communicate with us, the security of your Personal Data depends on you as well. Please make sure to take appropriate measures to use secured networks, devices and to protect your access credentials.
Please contact us at: dpo@lightricks.com if you feel that your privacy was not dealt with properly, in a way that was in breach of our Privacy Policy, or if you become aware of a third party's attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of your Personal Data. We will make a reasonable effort to notify you and the appropriate authorities (if required by applicable law) in the event that we discover a security incident related to your Personal Data. 
11. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
Our data servers in which we host and store the information are located globally including in the US and EU. The headquarters are based in Israel where we may access the information stored on local servers, cloud-hosting servers or other systems and platforms used. In the event that we need to transfer your Personal Data out of your jurisdiction, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection as required under applicable law. Furthermore, when Personal Data that is collected within the European Economic Area ("EEA"), United Kingdoms or Swiss, is transferred outside of such jurisdiction, to a country that has not received an adequacy decision from the European Commission or the ICO, we will take necessary steps in order to ensure that sufficient safeguards are provided during the transferring of such Personal Data, in accordance with the provision of the EU, UK or Swiss Standard Contractual Clauses. Thus, we will obtain contractual commitments or assurances from the data importer to protect your Personal Data, using contractual protections that regulators have pre-approved to ensure your data is protected. 
12. ELIGIBILITY AND CHILDREN PRIVACY
The services are not intended for use by children (the phrase "child" shall mean an individual that is under the age defined by applicable law), and we do not knowingly process children's information. We will discard any information we receive from a user that is considered a "child" immediately upon discovering that such a user shared information with us. Please contact us at: dpo@lightricks.com if you have reason to believe that a child has shared any information with us. 
13. SPECIFICATIONS
Additional Notice to California Residents:
This section applies only to California residents. Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") effective November 2020, and as amended by the CPRA, effective January 1, 2023. 
Please see the CCPA Privacy Notice which discloses the categories of personal information collected, purpose of processing, source, categories of recipients with whom the personal information is shared for a business purpose, whether the personal information is sole or shared, the retention period, and how to exercise your rights as a California resident.
ii. Additional Notice to Colorado Residents:
Under the Colorado Privacy Act ("CPA") if you are a resident of Colorado, acting only as an individual or household context (and not in a commercial or employment context, as a job applicant or as a beneficiary of someone acting in an employment context), your rights with respect to your personal data are described below.
"Personal Data" as defined in the CPA means: "information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual" and does not include any of the following: publicly available information, de-identified or aggregated consumer, and information excluded from the CPA scope, such as: Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 or 42 CFR Part 2- "Confidentiality of Substance Use Disorder Patient Records", Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Children's Online Policy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, national Security Exchange Act of 1934, higher education data and employment data.
Sensitive Data includes racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation; Genetic or biometric data that can be processed to uniquely identify an individual; or child data. We do not process or collect any sensitive data. 
Under section 4 "PURPOSE, LAWFUL BASIS, AND PROCESSING OPERATIONS" of the Privacy Policy, we describe our collection and processing of personal data, the categories of personal data that are collected or processed, and the purposes. Additionally, in the Section describing the "DATA SHARING, CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH" details the categories of third-parties the controller shares for business purposes. 
Your Rights Under CPA:
Herein below, we will detail how consumers can exercise their rights, and appeal such decision, or if we sell the personal data, or sell the personal data for advertising and how to opt-out. 
Right to Access/ Right to Know
You have the right to confirm whether and know the Personal Data we collected on you 
You can exercise your right by reviewing this Privacy Policy, in case you would like to receive the Personal Data please fill in the DSR form to receive a copy of your data 
Right to Correction 
You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data.
You can exercise this right directly through your account or by filling in the DSR form 
Right to Deletion
You have the right to delete the Personal Data, this right is not absolute and in certain circumstances we may deny such request. We may deny your deletion request, in full or in part, if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers for any of the following reasons: Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you; Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law; Comply with the law or legal obligation; Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent; Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us; Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We will delete or de-identify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our processors to take similar action.
If you would like to delete your Personal Data please fill in the DSR form
You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to delete.
You may also request deletion directly through the App settings without filling in the DSR form. 
Right to Portability 
You have the right to obtain the personal data in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you would like to receive the Personal Data please fill in the DSR form.
We will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. 
Right to opt out from selling Personal Data 
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data for the purposes of targeted advertising, sale to a third party for monetary gain, or for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you or any other consumer. 
You may authorize another person acting on your behalf to opt out (including by technical tools and opt out signals). 
We do not profile you in a manner that has significant effect of you or and other consumer, therefore there isn't an opt-out option. 
We do not "sell" or "share" information as most people would commonly understand that term, we do not, and will not, disclose your Personal Information or Personal Data in direct exchange for money or some other form of payment, however, we do share Personal Information or Data for analytic and marketing purposes, including targeted advertising, when we promote our Apps or Services. In most cases we obtain Personal Data, or Personal Information collected automatically from our Apps and your actions therein, and combine it with your actions on other of our Apps, if applicable, however not with third party apps. 
To opt out from the use of cookies on our Website please click the "do not sell or share my personal information" button which will enable you to customize the use of cookies on our website and Apps. You may opt-out through the Apps settings. You may further opt out through device settings (opt-out from tracking AAID, ADID, please see the following for information applicable to all devices: website_url_lnk or by using Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising such as: Digital Advertising Alliance's ("DAA"): website_url_lnk Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"): website_url_lnk 
Last, you are able to install privacy-controls in the browser's settings to automatically signal the opt-out preference to all websites you visit (like the "Global Privacy Control"). We honor the Global Privacy Control as a valid request to opt-out of the sharing of information linked to your browser. 
Right to opt out from Targeted Advertising 
Right to opt out from Profiling 
Right to Appeal 
If we decline to take action on your request, we shall so inform you without undue delay, within 45 days of receipt of your request. The notification will include a justification for declining to take action and instructions on how you may appeal.
Not more than 60 days after receipt of an appeal we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reason for the decisions. 
Duty not to violet the existing laws against discrimination or non-discrimination 
Such discrimination may include denying a good or service, providing a different level or quality of service, or charging different prices.
We do not discriminate our users. 
How to Submit a Request Under CPA? 
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete related to your Personal Data. If the DSR is submitted by someone other than the consumer about whom information is being requested, proof of authorization (such as power of attorney or probate documents) will be required. 
We will respond to your request within 45 days after receipt of a verifiable consumer request and for no more than twice in a twelve-month period. We reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first 45 days. If we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period time by contacting us at dpo@lightricks.com and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows: Colorado AG at website_url_lnk
If you have an account with us, we may deliver our written response to that account or via email at our sole discretion. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. You do not need to create an account for submitting a request. 
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. 
iii. Additional Notice to Virginia Residents:
Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, as amended ("VCDPA") if you are a resident of Virginia acting in an individual or household context (and not in an employment or commercial context), you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Data.
The VCDPA defined "Personal data" as detailed above under "Additional Notice to Colorado Residents". 
The VCDPA requires us to discloses the Categories of data processing and the purpose of each category, as detailed in Section 4 "PURPOSE, LAWFUL BASIS, AND PROCESSING OPERATIONS" of the Privacy Policy, the categories of data shared and the third parties with whom it is shared, as detailed in the "DATA SHARING, CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH" Section. Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in the User Rights Section above, and in the DSR Form. Further, the table above under "Additional Notice to Colorado Residents" details the rights you have under VCDPA and how you may exercise your rights. 
How to Submit a Request Under VCDPA? 
We shall respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. We reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first 45 days. If we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period time by contacting us at dpo@lightricks.com and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows: Virginia Attorney General at website_url_lnk
We shall provide information in response to your request free of charge, up to twice annually, unless requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive. If we are unable to authenticate your request using commercially reasonable efforts, we may request additional information reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. If we cannot authenticate you and your request, we will not be able to grant your request.
iv. Additional Notice to Connecticut Residents:
Under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Public Act. No. 22-14 (the "CDPA") if you are a resident of Connecticut, acting in an individual or household context (and not in a commercial or employment context or as a representative of business, non-profit or governmental entity), your rights with respect to your personal data are described below.
"Personal data" means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual. It does not include de-identified data or publicly available information. If further does not include information excluded from the scope such as: HIPAA, GBPA, non-profit entities, higher education, employment data and FCRA, Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, Farm Credit Act. 
The categories of personal data processed, purpose of processing, are as detailed in Section 4 "PURPOSE, LAWFUL BASIS, AND PROCESSING OPERATIONS", categories of personal data shared with third parties, categories of third parties with whom data is shared, are detailed in the "DATA SHARING, CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH" Section. Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section 8 "USER RIGHTS, and in the DSR Form. 
Instructions on how to exercise your rights are detailed in the table above under "Additional Notice to Colorado Residents" details the rights you have under CDPA and how you may exercise your rights. In addition to the table above, under CDPA you also have the right to withdraw consent which shall be provided within 15 days. 
How to Submit a Request Under CDPA? 
We shall respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. The response period may be extended once by 45 additional days when reasonably necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of requests and we inform you of such extension within the initial 45 day response period, together with the reason for the extension.
If we decline to take action on your request, we shall so inform you without undue delay, within 45 days of receipt of your request. The notification will include a justification for declining to take action and instructions on how you may appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Connecticut Attorney General at link: website_url_lnk or (860) 808-5318.
We shall provide information in response to your request free of charge, up to twice annually, unless requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive. If we are unable to authenticate your request using commercially reasonable efforts, we may request additional information reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. If we cannot authenticate you and your request, we will not be able to grant your request.
Additional Notice to Utah Residents (Effective January 2024):
Under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (the "UCPA") if you are a resident of Utah, acting in an individual or household context (and not in a commercial or employment context) your rights with respect to your personal data are described below. The UCPA defined "Personal Data" as detailed above under "Additional Notice to Colorado Residents". 
The categories of personal data processed, purpose of processing, are detailed in Section 4 "PURPOSE, LAWFUL BASIS, AND PROCESSING OPERATIONS", categories of personal data shared with third parties, categories of third parties with whom data is shared, are detailed in the "DATA SHARING, CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH" Section. Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section 8 "USER RIGHTS" , and in the DSR Form. 
Further, the table above under "Additional Notice to Colorado Residents" details the rights you have under CDPA and how you may exercise your rights.
vi. Additional Notice to Nevada Residents:
Nevada law allows Nevada residents to opt out of the sale of certain types of personal information. Subject to several exceptions, Nevada law defines "sale" to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to another person. We currently do not sell personal information as defined in the Nevada law. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you still may submit a verified request to opt out of sales and will record your instructions and incorporate them in the future if our policy changes. You may send opt-out requests to us at dpo@lightricks.com or through the DSR Form.
vii. Additional Notice to Brazil Residents:
We have created this section specifically for users in Brazil. Users in Brazil have certain privacy rights as specified under Brazilian law, including the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais ("LGPD"). Our Privacy Policy and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws-this notice makes sure we cover the Brazil-specific requirements. For example, all users can request a copy of their data, request deletion, and control their privacy settings in the app. 
Data Controller information is available above in Section 2. 
The lawful basis under the LGPD is Contract (complying with the obligations of the agreement we have entered), Legitimate Interest (we have the right, the legitimate interest, to do so), Consent (we have asked your permission) and Legal Obligations. The Tables in Section 4 detail the lawful basis for processing each data set. 
POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ DE LIGHTRICKS
[Dernière modification : 17 août 2023]
Lightricks Ltd., y compris nos filiales et sociétés affiliées (collectivement, « Lightricks », « nous », « notre » ou « nos »), déploie de grands efforts afin de s'assurer que les données personnelles que nous traitons sont stockées en toute sécurité et utilisées correctement, et que nos pratiques en matière de traitement des données sont communiquées avec précision à nos utilisateurs actuels et potentiels.
Lightricks est un pionnier dans le domaine des technologies innovantes qui permettent de combler le fossé entre imagination et création. Les outils de montage photo et vidéo de Lightricks offrent des possibilités et une inspiration infinies, donnant ainsi aux particuliers, aux créateurs de contenus ou aux influenceurs la possibilité de monétiser leur travail et d'offrir aux marques des opportunités de faire évoluer leurs contenus grâce à des partenariats sur mesure avec des créateurs. Lightricks est une entreprise mondiale qui propose ces services, applications et technologies dans le monde entier. 
La présente Politique de confidentialité (la « Politique », ou la « Politique de confidentialité ») décrit la manière dont nous recueillons, stockons, utilisons et divulguons des informations lors de l'utilisation de l'un des services, technologies et applications énumérés ci-après. Nous nous sommes efforcés de détailler ces processus de manière simple et conviviale, mais dans la mesure où Lightricks propose diverses applications mobiles et Internet (chacune étant ci-après une « Application »), des fonctionnalités et des flux de données (les « Flux Lightricks ») et un marché en ligne (le « Marché Popular Pays ») qui mettent en relation des marques et des agences (la ou les « Marques ») et des particuliers, des créateurs de contenus, des influenceurs (le ou les « Créateurs »), qui tous traitent vos informations de manières différentes, nous vous encourageons à lire attentivement ces informations et à nous contacter si vous avez des questions supplémentaires.
La présente Politique s'applique aux (ci-après collectivement et séparément dénommés « vous », « vos » ou « votre ») : prospects et visiteurs naviguant sur nos sites Internet, nos pages de destination, interagissant avec des publicités et des campagnes faisant la promotion de nos services, blogs ou autres formulaires en ligne (un « Prospect » ou un « Visiteur ») ; utilisateurs installant et utilisant nos applications ; Marques et Créateurs utilisant le Marché Popular Pays ; et toute personne utilisant nos services.
Si vous êtes un résident ou une résidente de l'Etat du Colorado, de la Virginie ou de la Californie, veuillez consulter notre Avis de confidentialité CCPA (Loi californienne sur la protection de la vie privée des consommateurs) (l'« Avis CCPA ») en plus de la présente Politique de confidentialité. 
Vous n'êtes à aucun moment tenu(e) de nous fournir des données personnelles ou des informations personnelles. 
MISES À JOUR ET MODIFICATIONS nous pouvons mettre à jour et modifier la présente Politique à tout moment et à notre seule discrétion. La version la plus récente de la présente Politique sera toujours accessible depuis le site Internet ou les Applications. La date de mise à jour de la Politique sera indiquée dans la rubrique intitulée « Dernière modification ». En cas de changement important, ou si la loi l'exige, nous fournirons un avis signalant ces modifications. Toute modification de la présente Politique entrera en vigueur dans un délai de 30 jours à compter de la publication de la Politique modifiée. Nous vous recommandons de consulter régulièrement la présente Politique afin de vous assurer de votre bonne compréhension de nos pratiques les plus récentes en matière de confidentialité.
INFORMATIONS DE CONTACT ET RÔLES lightricks Ltd. est une société constituée en vertu des lois de l'État d'Israël et, sauf mention contraire explicite dans le tableau ci-dessous, elle est le Responsable du traitement des Données personnelles (tels que ces termes sont définis dans le Règlement général sur la protection des données (le « RGPD ») ou dans toute législation équivalente sur la protection de la vie privée).
Pour toute question, demande ou préoccupation concernant la présente Politique de confidentialité ou le traitement de vos Données personnelles, vous pouvez nous contacter comme suit coordonnées du délégué à la protection des données : dpo@lightricks.com
Par courrier lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jérusalem, Israël, 9190401
Représentant des personnes concernées dans l'UE et au Royaume-Uni nous avons nommé des représentants en Allemagne et au Royaume-Uni pour les questions de protection des données portant sur les personnes concernées de l'UE ou du Royaume-Uni.
Les demandes concernant nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité dans l'UE peuvent être envoyées à notre représentant à la protection des données (« RPD ») comme suit coordonnées du RPD : dpr@lightricks.com
Par courrier lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Francfort-sur-le-Main, Allemagne.
Les demandes concernant nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité au Royaume-Uni peuvent être envoyées à notre RPD au Royaume-Uni comme suit coordonnées du RPD au Royaume-Uni : uk-dpr@lightricks.com
Par courrier lightricks (UK),
Numéro d'enregistrement auprès de l'ICO : ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, Londres, Angleterre, NW6 3QT Royaume-Uni.
TYPE DE JEUX DE DONNÉES TRAITÉS 
Lors de votre utilisation ou de votre interaction avec les services, nous collectons des informations agrégées, non personnelles et non identifiables (les « Données non personnelles »). Les Données non personnelles ainsi collectées comprennent des informations d'utilisation agrégées, des informations anonymisées ainsi que des informations techniques telles que le type de navigateur ou d'appareil utilisé, la préférence linguistique, l'horodatage, etc. 
Nous recueillons en outre des informations qui identifient un individu ou qui peuvent, moyennant un effort raisonnable, être utilisées afin d'identifier un individu (les « Données personnelles »). Les types de Données personnelles que nous collectons ainsi que la finalité du traitement de ces données sont précisés dans le tableau ci-dessous. Afin de lever toute ambiguïté, toute Donnée non personnelle associée ou liée à des Données personnelles sera considérée comme une Donnée personnelle tant qu'une telle association ou qu'un tel lien existe. 
Nous pouvons traiter des données démographiques et certains critères de profilage, qui sont déduits à partir des jeux de données énumérés ci-dessous, et à titre d'exemple nous pouvons déterminer à partir de vos photos quel est votre sexe et votre âge. 
OBJET, BASE LÉGALE ET OPÉRATIONS DE TRAITEMENT
Nous avons énuméré ci-dessous, pour chaque bien et service, les Données personnelles traitées, la finalité et l'opération de traitement concernée ainsi que la base légale de ce traitement. Parmi les quatre tableaux présentés ci-dessous, le tableau A détaille les Données personnelles traitées lors de l'utilisation de nos Applications, le tableau B détaille les Données personnelles utilisées pour le développement, l'apprentissage machine de l'IA, ou qui sont autrement utilisées à des fins internes, le tableau C détaille les Données personnelles traitées lors de l'utilisation du Marché Popular Pays, et le tableau D détaille les Données personnelles traitées lorsque vous interagissez avec notre site Internet, nos publicités ou de toute autre manière.
TABLEAU A : APPLICATIONS 
JEU DE DONNÉES
FINALITÉ ET OPÉRATIONS
BASE LÉGALE 
Données du compte après avoir installé l'Application, vous vous connecterez et créerez votre compte (pour les utilisateurs iOS, la création d'un compte est facultative).
Vous pouvez choisir de vous connecter en utilisant votre compte Apple, Facebook ou Google, ou autrement en saisissant votre adresse email et en choisissant un mot de passe. 
Si vous vous connectez via Facebook, Google ou Apple, nous recevrons des informations liées à ce compte (selon les paramètres de confidentialité que vous avez choisis) telles que votre nom, votre photo de profil, votre liste d'amis, vos données démographiques et votre localisation. 
Nous utilisons les Données du compte utilisées pour la création d'un compte afin d'authentifier votre identité. Si vous utilisez plusieurs Applications et que vous vous êtes connecté(e), nous serons en mesure de vous identifier à travers ces différentes Applications et de partager les informations traitées dans chacune de ces Applications. Nous vous enverrons en outre des factures, des documents et des contenus, y compris des documents de marketing, via l'adresse email que vous nous avez fournie lors de votre inscription (« Marketing direct »).
Traitement des Données du compte nécessaires à l'exécution d'un contrat.
Le traitement de ces données pour le Marketing direct relève de notre intérêt légitime, vous pouvez refuser de recevoir ces communications à tout moment en vous désinscrivant. Notez que même si vous vous désabonnez, certains emails opérationnels seront toujours envoyés. 
Identifiants en ligne et données d'utilisation lorsque vous utilisez les Applications, nous, ou nos partenaires tiers, vous identifions par le biais d'Identifiants en ligne. Les « Identifiants en ligne » sont des identifiants uniques, y compris l'IDFA ou l'AAID, l'adresse IP, l'Identifiant de l'appareil, l'Identifiant de cookie, l'agent, etc.
Nous traitons ensuite, directement ou indirectement par l'intermédiaire de nos partenaires tiers, les données d'utilisation, qui peuvent être associées ou non aux Identifiants en ligne. Lorsqu'elles sont associées à un Identifiant en ligne, elles sont traitées comme des Données personnelles, sinon, si les données d'utilisation sont agrégées, anonymisées ou désidentifiées, elles ne seront pas considérées comme des Données personnelles. 
Les données d'utilisation comprennent les informations concernant votre interaction avec l'Application, les fonctionnalités utilisées, les durées d'utilisation, les données sur le parcours de navigation, les erreurs survenues, ainsi que votre interaction avec les contenus ou publicités affichées, les données relatives aux publicités et contenus affichés sur les pages ou les écrans de l'Application affichés à votre attention, et toute interaction que vous avez pu avoir avec ces contenus ou publicités (collectivement, les « Données d'utilisation »). 
Les Identifiants en ligne et les Données d'utilisation sont utilisés à des fins d'analyse et d'exploitation, pour corriger les erreurs et les bugs informatiques, ajuster la préférence linguistique, le cas échéant, afin de vous permettre d'utiliser l'Application et de vous fournir ses fonctionnalités. 
Certaines des Applications affichent en outre des publicités basées sur les centres d'intérêt ou d'autres informations de marketing et des promotions basées sur les Données d'utilisation. 
Lorsque le traitement de ces données est réalisé à des fins de marketing ou de suivi, nous traitons les Données personnelles uniquement sur la base du consentement. 
Lorsque le traitement des Données personnelles est destiné aux opérations et à la fourniture des fonctionnalités de l'Application, la base légale est celle de la nécessité contractuelle. 
Enfin, les Données personnelles peuvent être traitées sous réserve de notre intérêt légitime à comprendre comment nos services sont utilisés, à corriger les erreurs et à améliorer l'expérience utilisateur, y compris en personnalisant les offres et les promotions. 
Images, photos et vidéos pour activer les services, vous nous donnerez accès à votre galerie de photos ou téléchargerez des photos de votre galerie. Les images, photos et vidéos sont traitées sur votre appareil afin de déterminer l'emplacement estimé de certaines parties du visage (comme les yeux, le nez ou la bouche) et de points sur le visage et les yeux, qui sont appliqués à un modèle générique de visage utilisé dans le but de vous aider à éditer des images et des vidéos en temps réel (les « Données faciales »).
Nous collectons également des données démographiques traitées sur les appareils iOS telles que l'âge et le sexe à partir de vos images, photos, vidéos.
Lorsque des photos et des images sont utilisées afin de créer des illustrations ou d'ajouter des effets à vos créations, l'image sélectionnée est téléchargée sur le Cloud de Lightricks. Aucune donnée n'est traitée par le biais de ces effets ou n'est utilisée afin de vous identifier, et aucune donnée n'est stockée sur le Cloud de Lightricks à l'exception de l'image d'origine et de l'image de sortie, lesquelles sont supprimées dans un délai de 30 jours, sauf demande contraire de votre part.
Nous traitons ces données afin de vous permettre d'utiliser des fonctionnalités disponibles dans les Applications, y compris la possibilité de modifier vos images, vidéos et médias. 
Nous traitons les données démographiques afin de commercialiser des offres personnalisées par Lightricks. Nous n'utilisons pas vos photos, vidéos ou Données faciales à des fins de marketing, et ces informations ne sont partagées avec aucun tiers. 
Les Données faciales sont traitées sur votre appareil. Nous ne collectons ni ne stockons aucune Donnée faciale sur nos serveurs ni ne les partageons avec des tiers. 
Nous traitons les images, vidéos et photos, y compris les Données faciales dans le but de vous fournir les services et de respecter nos obligations contractuelles envers vous. 
Si vous choisissez de stocker des projets qui utilisent des Données faciales, les données seront stockées sur votre appareil jusqu'à ce que vous supprimiez le projet, que ce projet soit automatiquement supprimé en raison des limites de stockage ou que vous supprimiez l'Application par vous-même.
Si vous avez accordé l'accès à votre galerie de photos, vous pouvez révoquer cette autorisation à tout moment. 
Outils d'IA et Avatars certaines Applications incluent une technologie d'intelligence artificielle (l'« IA ») pour éditer des images, des photos et des vidéos, pour créer des avatars magiques personnalisés (des « Avatars »), des mouvements et des effets, des styles artistiques, ajouts de texte à des images, etc. (collectivement, les « Extrants »).
Pour cela, nous traiterons les images et vidéos originales téléchargées (les « Intrants ») sur le Cloud de Lightricks. Notre technologie d'intelligence artificielle utilise la détection des visages afin de déterminer la posture, l'emplacement ainsi que d'autres caractéristiques faciales non identifiantes qui apparaissent dans le cadre, et peut traiter les Données personnelles de non-utilisateurs comme décrit plus en détail dans la section ci-dessous. 
Les Extrants sont généralement stockés sur votre appareil et nous n'y avons pas accès ni n'avons aucun contrôle sur eux, cependant, vos Avatars achetés sont stockés sur le Cloud de Lightricks afin qu'ils restent accessibles à tout moment via l'Application et depuis n'importe quel appareil jusqu'à ce que vous décidiez de les supprimer. 
Nous utilisons les données téléchargées sur le Cloud de Lightricks, c'est-à-dire les Intrants et les Extrants, dans le but de fournir les services et de générer les Extrants. 
Pour créer les Avatars, nous traitons de 10 à 25 images en tant qu'Intrants dans le but de fournir les services et de nous conformer à nos obligations contractuelles envers vous. Actuellement, nous utilisons le modèle de réseau neuronal « Stable Diffusion » qui permet aux utilisateurs de générer des Avatars personnalisés. 
Tout Intrant est supprimé dans un délai de 24 heures, sauf si l'Intrant est fourni pour la création de l'Avatar, auquel cas il sera supprimé immédiatement une fois l'Avatar créé. 
Données personnelles de non-utilisateurs lorsque nous sommes en mesure de déterminer que vous avez partagé des Données personnelles de non-utilisateurs avec nous, telles que les images ou les vidéos que vous soumettez en relation avec notre fonctionnalité « Avatars de couples », nous utiliserons les images ou les vidéos afin de générer l'Avatar, ou un autre Extrant, et supprimerons définitivement les Intrants du Cloud de Lightricks.
De plus, vous pouvez inviter des amis à utiliser nos Applications. Ce faisant, il vous sera demandé de partager les coordonnées de votre ou vos amis (telles que leur adresse email ou numéro de téléphone). 
Nous traitons la photo uniquement dans le but de fournir les Services et nous ne ferons aucune autre utilisation de la photo originale. 
Nous traiterons les coordonnées de vos amis uniquement dans le but de leur envoyer une invitation à utiliser les Services et nous n'utiliserons ces données à aucune autre fin. 
Intérêt légitime à fournir les Services à notre Utilisateur. 
Support.
Lorsque vous nous contactez pour le support client, nous traitons vos informations de contact. 
Nous utiliserons les informations de contact afin de fournir le support client nécessaire. Nous conserverons cette correspondance aussi longtemps que nécessaire et dans le but de prouver que le support demandé a bien été fourni. 
Nous traitons ces informations afin de fournir les services de support et de remplir les obligations contractuelles. 
Enquêtes et commentaires nous pouvons vous demander de nous faire part de vos commentaires sur nos services. Si vous choisissez de répondre à notre demande de commentaires ou de participer à notre enquête, nous recueillerons vos commentaires et vos coordonnées telles que votre nom, votre adresse email, etc.
Nous utilisons ces informations afin d'améliorer, d'actualiser et de renforcer notre Service, ainsi que dans le but d'optimiser et de personnaliser les Services. 
Nous traitons ces informations sous réserve de votre consentement. Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à tout moment en nous contactant via les coordonnées fournies dans les présentes.
Détails d'achat certaines fonctionnalités et certains Services sont soumis à paiement, soit via l'Application, soit par abonnement. Les paiements sont effectués via l'achat intégré à l'Application (l'« AIA ») par le biais de services de paiement tiers ; cependant, nous traitons les données des transactions commerciales telles que les informations d'achats et de prix ; les détails d'expédition (le cas échéant) ; l'adresse postale, le numéro de téléphone et l'adresse email.
Nous utilisons ces informations afin de traiter vos paiements. 
Nous pouvons utiliser les services et plateformes de tiers afin de traiter les données de paiement, telles qu'Adyen et Paypal, ou via l'AIA auquel cas Google Play ou Apple Store gèrent ces paiements. Par conséquent, toutes les transactions traitées par les plateformes de tiers seront soumises à leur propres politiques de confidentialité et conditions propres, que nous vous recommandons de consulter. 
Exécution de notre contrat avec vous. 
Réseaux sociaux.
Lorsque vous utilisez le Flux Lightricks ou partagez vos créations sur les réseaux sociaux, nous traitons les Données personnelles que vous mettez à disposition, telles que les photos de profil, le nom, l'adresse email, les comptes de réseaux sociaux, les réactions aux publications du flux (les « Données de flux »).
Nous utilisons les Données de flux afin de vous fournir les Services de Flux Lightricks et de vous permettre d'interagir avec des réseaux sociaux tiers.
Nous traitons les Données de flux pour l'exécution d'un contrat avec vous. Notez que les informations que vous choisissez de rendre publiques peuvent ne pas pouvoir être supprimées même si vous supprimez l'Application et le Compte. 
Autorisations.
En fonction de l'Application utilisée ou des fonctionnalités dont vous souhaitez bénéficier, il vous sera demandé de nous accorder des autorisations d'accès telles que : l'accès à la galerie de photos, l'activation des outils de suivi, la notification push, l'accès à vos comptes de réseaux sociaux, etc. (les « Autorisations d'Application »). 
Nous utiliserons ces autorisations afin de traiter les informations nécessaires pour vous fournir le Service ou pour améliorer le Service. 
Pour accéder à ces Autorisations d'Application, vous devrez les activer activement et explicitement via une autorisation intégrée à l'application ou via les paramètres mobiles, vous pouvez désactiver les Autorisations d'Application à tout moment, mais veuillez noter qu'en fonction de l'Autorisation d'Application que vous désactivez, une fonctionnalité ou toutes les fonctionnalités pourront ne pas fonctionner correctement. 
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK AppsFlyer
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK Nimble
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK AppLovin
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK Facebook iOS
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK Firebase iOS
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK Google signing iOS
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK Survey-Monkey iOS
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK TikTok
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK Braze
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les SDK intégrés à nos applications, veuillez consulter les éléments ci-dessous nous utilisons des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse tels que Google Analytics, les services Crashlytics et Firebase de Google, et Facebook. Nous pouvons divulguer vos informations à ces fournisseurs de services d'analyse afin de nous aider à en savoir plus sur la façon dont vous et les autres utilisateurs utilisez nos services sDK Full Story
Pendo.io
Nous divulguerons ces informations à des fournisseurs tiers de services d'analyse à des fins de marketing, de suivi et d'analyse, ainsi qu'à des fins opérationnelles, en corrigeant les erreurs et les bugs informatiques, en ajustant la préférence linguistique, le cas échéant, afin de vous permettre d'utiliser l'Application et de vous fournir ses fonctionnalités. 
Lorsque le traitement est réalisé à des fins de marketing ou de suivi, nous traiterons les Données personnelles uniquement sur la base du consentement. Dans le cas contraire, nous traiterons ces kits de développement logiciel sous réserve de notre intérêt légitime. 
TABLEAU B : APPRENTISSAGE MACHINE DE L'IA ET DÉVELOPPEMENT INTERNE
JEU DE DONNÉES
FINALITÉ ET OPÉRATIONS
BASE LÉGALE 
Données d'utilisation ; 
Intrants, y compris la posture, la localisation ainsi que d'autres caractéristiques faciales non identifiantes détectées dans les Intrants par notre technologie d'IA (mais n'incluant pas les Données faciales définies ci-dessus). 
Nous utiliserons ces données afin d'enrichir les contenus et d'améliorer les fonctionnalités disponibles dans les Services. 
Nous utiliserons ces informations afin de personnaliser le service qui vous est proposé, d'adapter les offres à vos intérêts et de proposer des produits, applications ou services Lightricks supplémentaires dont nous pensons que vous les apprécierez. 
Pour améliorer la technologie de l'IA et offrir de meilleurs Services, nous utilisons des parties de l'Intrant de manière anonymisée, afin d'entraîner l'algorithme et de créer des modèles (tels que des modèles de diffusion, GAN, et autres). L'Intrant ne peut pas être associé à vous, ni permettre de vous identifier ou être utilisé afin de vous identifier. Nous n'utiliserons pas l'Intrant en intégralité mais traiterons plutôt certaines copies extraites de l'Intrant. 
Nous ne pourrons pas et nous ne visons pas à vous authentifier ou à vous identifier de manière unique, vous ou toute autre personne, en utilisant ces modèles. 
De plus, nous étiquetons automatiquement certaines images détectées dans vos Intrants telles que « chien », « chat » et « mâle » ou « femelle » afin d'améliorer les performances des fonctionnalités d'IA, telles que des ajouts de texte à des images et la création d'Avatars, ainsi qu'à des fins d'étiquetage des données à utiliser dans l'apprentissage machine. Veuillez noter que les données étiquetées ne sont associées à aucun individu identifié.
L'apprentissage machine et l'étiquetage des données sont traités sous réserve de notre intérêt légitime à améliorer nos Services et notre technologie. Nous veillons à ce que les informations d'identification, telles que les identifiants d'appareils ou les Identifiants en ligne, ne soient pas associées aux informations utilisées pour l'apprentissage et la formation, y compris les Intrants, ce qui signifie que les Intrants ne peuvent pas permettre de vous identifier à nouveau ni être associés à vous.
Sauf comme indiqué ci-dessus, les modèles utilisés pour la formation et l'apprentissage sont supprimés dans un délai de 180 jours. 
Veuillez noter que nous faisons de notre mieux afin de modérer le paramétrage du modèle d'IA de manière à n'inclure aucun contenu inapproprié ou préjudiciable. Cependant, il est de votre seule responsabilité de télécharger des images, des vidéos et d'autres contenus qui ne soient pas illégaux, calomnieux, diffamatoires, obscènes, pornographiques, indécents, licencieux, suggestifs, harcelants, menaçants, attentatoires à la vie privée ou aux droits de publicité, insultants, provocateurs, frauduleux ou susceptibles d'être autrement interprétés comme des contenus préjudiciables. Si vous trouvez qu'un contenu est offensant, veuillez nous contacter à dpo@lightricks.com. L'utilisation des technologies d'intelligence artificielle est également soumise aux conditions d'utilisation de l'IA, disponibles à l'adresse suivante : website_url_lnk 
TABLEAU C- MARCHÉ POPULAR PAYS 
JEU DE DONNÉES
FINALITÉ ET OPÉRATIONS
BASE LÉGALE 
Inscription.
Lors de son inscription sur le Marché Popular Pays, la Marque renseigne les coordonnées des utilisateurs autorisés (nom, numéro de téléphone, adresse email, site Internet, etc.). 
Après l'inscription et la création du Compte de marque, la Marque aura accès au tableau de bord qui comprendra des données supplémentaires concernant ses campagnes, statistiques et analyses relatives à ses campagnes, à l'engagement des utilisateurs, etc. 
Nous utilisons ces informations pour créer un compte, assurer la gestion du compte, permettre votre interaction avec les Créateurs, réaliser les campagnes marketing, fournir une assistance ainsi que tout Service demandé. 
Les indications sur les campagnes sont fournies de manière analytique agrégée. 
Le traitement est nécessaire à l'exécution d'un contrat. 
Comptes de créateur un Créateur devra créer un portefeuille qui comprendra le nom complet, l'adresse email, l'âge, le sexe, le lieu, l'adresse de livraison, les données démographiques, les informations de paiement (qui comprendront vos coordonnées bancaires ou votre compte Apple-Pay/Google-Pay), votre profession ou vos spécialisations (par exemple : style de vie, mode, beauté, planification financière), vos préférences linguistiques, etc.
Toute information de ce type que vous mettez à disposition via le portefeuille est considérée comme relevant des « Données du portefeuille ».
De plus, afin de participer aux campagnes, le Créateur devra télécharger ses créations dans le portefeuille, intégrer ses comptes de réseaux sociaux à travers lesquels les Marques pourront examiner le travail du Créateur, sa biographie et le type de followers avec lesquels le Créateur interagit. 
Nous utilisons les Données de portefeuille afin de créer le portefeuille et de le rendre disponible de sorte que les Marques puissent l'examiner, afin de permettre votre interaction avec les Marques, d'assurer la gestion du compte, de fournir une assistance ainsi que tous les Services demandés. 
Nous utiliserons en outre les contenus téléchargés et les Données de portefeuille afin de créer des indications agrégées sur votre public et vos contenus (par exemple : sexe, tranche d'âge, géolocalisation, etc.).
Les Données de portefeuille sont nécessaires à l'exécution de nos obligations contractuelles dans le cadre de la fourniture des services.
Ces indications sont traitées sous réserve de notre intérêt légitime. 
Les créations que vous téléchargez peuvent également inclure des Données personnelles. Cependant, nous sommes le Sous-traitant du traitement (tel que ces termes sont définis dans le RGPD) de ces Données personnelles, qui héberge les créations en votre nom. 
Données d'utilisation nous recueillons des informations sur votre façon d'utiliser le service (comment, quand et où), d'accéder au Compte, ainsi que sur les actions menées sur le Marché Popular Pays.
Nous utilisons ces informations uniquement dans le but d'améliorer les Services, de corriger les bugs informatiques et les erreurs. 
Le traitement est nécessaire à l'exécution d'un contrat. 
Support client lorsque vous nous contactez pour le support client, nous traitons vos informations de contact.
Nous utiliserons les informations de contact afin de fournir le support client nécessaire. Nous conserverons cette correspondance aussi longtemps que nécessaire et afin de prouver que le support requis a bien été fourni. 
Nous traitons ces informations afin de fournir les services de support et de remplir les obligations contractuelles. 
Marketing direct nous vous enverrons des communications de service et des promotions marketing, telles que de nouvelles fonctionnalités, des offres supplémentaires, des opportunités spéciales ou toute autre information dont nous pensons que vous la trouverez utile.
Nous utiliserons ces informations afin de vous tenir au courant des offres et des contenus ainsi que pour les opérations (factures, offres, etc.). 
Nous traitons ces informations sous réserve de notre intérêt légitime. Vous pouvez à tout moment refuser de recevoir ces communications à tout moment via le lien « désabonnement » figurant dans l'email. 
Campagnes.
En tant que Marque, nous fournissons des services qui vous permettent de fournir des contenus pertinents aux utilisateurs finaux, en ciblant un public spécifique. 
La campagne ciblée sera orientée vers des clients potentiels qui semblent avoir les mêmes intérêts ou des intérêts similaires à ceux des clients existants de la Marque, sur la base des segments que nous recueillons et analysons (les « Indications »).
Nous utilisons ces informations afin de cibler des campagnes au nom de la Marque, dans le cadre des services fournis via le Marché. 
Nous les traitons au nom de la Marque en tant que Sous-traitant du traitement (tels que ces termes sont définis dans le RGPD) et sous réserve des instructions de la Marque. 
Réservation d'une démo si vous choisissez de réserver une démo gratuite, il vous sera demandé de nous fournir votre nom complet, votre numéro de téléphone ainsi que l'adresse email de votre entreprise.
Nous les utiliserons afin de vous fournir les informations ou les services que vous avez demandés.
Nous traitons ces informations sous réserve de notre intérêt légitime. 
Nous utilisons ces informations afin de traiter vos paiements. 
Nous pouvons utiliser les services et plateformes de tiers afin de traiter les Données de paiement, telles que Adyen, Stripe, Braintre et Paypal, ou via l'AIA auquel cas Google Play ou Apple Store gèrent ces paiements. Par conséquent, toute transaction traitée par des plateformes de tiers sera soumise à leurs propres politiques et conditions en matière de confidentialité, que nous vous recommandons de consulter.
Nécessité contractuelle
TABLEAU D : INTERACTION DES PROSPECTS ET DES INDIVIDUS AVEC NOTRE SITE INTERNET, ANNONCES OU ACTIFS NUMÉRIQUES
JEU DE DONNÉES
FINALITÉ ET OPÉRATIONS
BASE LÉGALE 
Identifiants en ligne et Données d'utilisation lorsque vous interagissez avec notre site Internet, nous recueillons directement ou indirectement des Identifiants en ligne et des Données d'utilisation (c'est-à-dire : l'heure et la date d'accès, les mouvements sur le site Internet, les données sur le parcours de navigation, les URL référencées, les contenus consultés, etc.).
Nous traitons ces informations dans le but d'améliorer le site, d'identifier les erreurs et les bugs, ainsi qu'à des fins statistiques, analytiques et marketing.). 
Les Données personnelles collectées pour l'exploitation du site Internet, par le biais de cookies propriétaires, sont basées sur notre intérêt légitime à permettre le bon fonctionnement du site et des services. 
En fonction de votre juridiction, les cookies tiers pourront traiter des Données personnelles uniquement si vous avez accordé votre consentement via l'avis relatif aux cookies et l'outil de gestion du consentement utilisé sur le site Internet. 
Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à tout moment en utilisant les paramètres de préférence en matière de cookies. 
Publicité.
Lorsque nous commercialisons les services, nous utilisons des fournisseurs ou des outils tiers afin de gérer ces campagnes publicitaires. Grâce à ces outils, nous recueillons des informations telles que le parcours des individus, le moment où ils ont cliqué sur notre publicité et s'ils ont installé, ont souscrit ou se sont engagé dans une telle campagne ou application. 
Pour réaliser, faciliter et optimiser nos campagnes marketing, nos opérations de gestion des publicités et de vente, et pour gérer et diffuser plus efficacement des publicités pour nos produits et services, y compris sur d'autres sites Internet et applications. 
Sous réserve de votre consentement via une autorisation intégrée dans l'application ou une bannière de cookies, selon le cas. 
Informations de contact si vous nous contactez volontairement par chat, email ou par d'autres moyens, ou si vous répondez à une enquête ou fournissez des commentaires, vous devrez nous fournir certaines informations telles que votre nom, votre adresse email ainsi que toute information supplémentaire que vous décidez de partager avec nous.
Informations de contact si vous nous contactez au nom d'une autre personne, nous apprécions l'aide et l'attention que vous accordez aux autres, cependant veuillez noter qu'il est de votre responsabilité de vous assurer que toute personne dont vous fournissez les Données personnelles soit consciente des principes de cette déclaration et accepte que vous nous fournissiez des Données personnelles sur cette base.
Nous traitons ces informations afin de répondre à votre demande. Nous pouvons également traiter les informations de correspondance afin d'améliorer nos services de vente ou notre support client.
Nous traitons ces informations sous réserve de notre intérêt légitime afin de répondre à votre demande. Nous pouvons conserver cette correspondance si nous y sommes légalement tenus. 
Enregistrements d'appels lorsque vous contactez notre Prospect, nous pouvons enregistrer les appels (les « Enregistrements d'appels »).
Nous utilisons ces Enregistrements d'appels afin de gérer, mesurer et améliorer nos efforts de vente et d'améliorer nos Services. 
Nous traitons les Enregistrements d'appels sous réserve de votre consentement qui sera obtenu au début de notre conversation. 
Inscription à la newsletter si vous vous inscrivez en vue de recevoir notre newsletter, les mises à jour de notre blog ou d'autres supports marketing, il vous sera demandé de fournir vos coordonnées, telles que votre adresse email.
Nous utiliserons votre email afin de vous envoyer notre newsletter ainsi que d'autres supports marketing. 
Nous traitons ces informations de contact sous réserve de votre consentement. Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à tout moment via le lien « désabonnement » figurant dans l'email ou en nous contactant directement. 
Veuillez noter que l'opération de traitement réelle pour chaque finalité d'utilisation et pour chaque base légale détaillée dans le tableau ci-dessus peut différer. Une telle opération de traitement comprend généralement un ensemble d'opérations effectuées par des moyens automatisés, telles que la collecte, le stockage, l'utilisation, la divulgation par transmission, l'effacement ou la destruction. Le transfert de Données personnelles vers des pays tiers, comme détaillé ci-dessous dans la section « Transfert international de données », repose sur la même base légale que celle qui est indiquée dans le tableau ci-dessus. 
En outre, nous pouvons utiliser certaines Données personnelles dans le but d'empêcher des activités potentiellement interdites ou illégales, des fraudes, des détournements, des infractions, des vols d'identité, ainsi que toute autre utilisation abusive des Services et afin de faire respecter les Conditions, ainsi que pour protéger la sécurité ou l'intégrité de nos bases de données et les Services et prendre des précautions contre toute responsabilité légale. Un tel traitement est effectué sur la base de nos intérêts légitimes. 
Nous pouvons collecter différentes catégories de Données personnelles et de Données non personnelles auprès de vous, en fonction de la nature de votre interaction avec les Services fournis via le site Internet, les Applications, les Services en ligne et le Marché Popular Pays, comme indiqué ci-dessus. Si nous combinons des Données personnelles avec des Données non personnelles, les informations ainsi combinées seront traitées comme des Données personnelles aussi longtemps qu'elles resteront combinées. 
COMMENT NOUS COLLECTONS VOS INFORMATIONS en fonction de la nature de votre interaction avec nous, nous pouvons recueillir les informations indiquées ci-dessus auprès de vous, comme suit, Automatiquement, lorsque vous visitez notre site Internet ou interagissez avec nos services, y compris par l'utilisation de cookies (comme détaillé ci-dessous) et de technologies de suivi similaires.
COMMENT NOUS COLLECTONS VOS INFORMATIONS en fonction de la nature de votre interaction avec nous, nous pouvons recueillir les informations indiquées ci-dessus auprès de vous, comme suit, Lorsque vous choisissez volontairement de nous fournir des informations, par exemple lorsque vous nous contactez ou lorsque vous nous demandez une démo, comme indiqué dans la présente Politique.
COMMENT NOUS COLLECTONS VOS INFORMATIONS en fonction de la nature de votre interaction avec nous, nous pouvons recueillir les informations indiquées ci-dessus auprès de vous, comme suit, Par le biais de nos prestataires de services tiers qui collectent des Données personnelles en notre nom, tels que les prestataires de services d'analyse.
COOKIES ET TECHNOLOGIES SIMILAIRES nous pouvons utiliser des cookies, des pixels de suivi (également appelés GIF clairs et balises Internet), des kits de développement de logiciels tiers comme indiqué dans le tableau A ci-dessus, ainsi que d'autres technologies afin de maintenir à jour, de fournir et d'améliorer notre site Internet, notre plateforme en ligne et ses services ou nos Applications. Nous utilisons des Cookies à diverses fins Préférences : ce type de cookie nous aide à sécuriser et à maintenir nos services à jour, et mémorise vos préférences afin que vous n'ayez pas à les redéfinir à chaque visite.
COOKIES ET TECHNOLOGIES SIMILAIRES nous pouvons utiliser des cookies, des pixels de suivi (également appelés GIF clairs et balises Internet), des kits de développement de logiciels tiers comme indiqué dans le tableau A ci-dessus, ainsi que d'autres technologies afin de maintenir à jour, de fournir et d'améliorer notre site Internet, notre plateforme en ligne et ses services ou nos Applications. Nous utilisons des Cookies à diverses fins Cookies de statistiques : ces outils sont utilisés à des fins d'analyse, pour mieux comprendre l'utilisation des services, des Applications et des sites Internet.
COOKIES ET TECHNOLOGIES SIMILAIRES nous pouvons utiliser des cookies, des pixels de suivi (également appelés GIF clairs et balises Internet), des kits de développement de logiciels tiers comme indiqué dans le tableau A ci-dessus, ainsi que d'autres technologies afin de maintenir à jour, de fournir et d'améliorer notre site Internet, notre plateforme en ligne et ses services ou nos Applications. Nous utilisons des Cookies à diverses fins Cookies d'inscription : lorsque vous vous inscrivez et lorsque vous vous connectez, nous générons des cookies qui nous permettent de savoir si vous êtes connecté(e) ou non.
COOKIES ET TECHNOLOGIES SIMILAIRES nous pouvons utiliser des cookies, des pixels de suivi (également appelés GIF clairs et balises Internet), des kits de développement de logiciels tiers comme indiqué dans le tableau A ci-dessus, ainsi que d'autres technologies afin de maintenir à jour, de fournir et d'améliorer notre site Internet, notre plateforme en ligne et ses services ou nos Applications. Nous utilisons des Cookies à diverses fins Cookies de marketing : ces cookies nous permettent de savoir si vous avez vu ou non une publicité ou un type de publicité, comment vous avez interagi avec cette publicité et depuis combien de temps vous ne l'avez pas vue. Nous utilisons également des cookies pour nous aider à gérer la publicité ciblée. Nous pouvons nous associer à des réseaux publicitaires et à d'autres fournisseurs de services publicitaires qui diffusent des publicités en notre nom et pour des tiers sur des plateformes non affiliées. Certaines de ces publicités peuvent être personnalisées, ce qui signifie qu'elles sont destinées à être pertinentes pour vous en fonction des informations que les réseaux publicitaires et les fournisseurs de services publicitaires recueillent sur votre utilisation de notre site Internet et d'autres sites ou applications au fil du temps, y compris des informations sur les relations qui existent entre les différents navigateurs et appareils. Ce type de publicité est connu sous le nom de publicité ciblée par centres d'intérêt.
Pour obtenir de plus amples informations sur les cookies utilisés, veuillez consulter notre Politique relative aux cookies. 
PARTAGE DES DONNÉES, CATÉGORIES DE DESTINATAIRES AVEC LESQUELS NOUS PARTAGEONS LES DONNÉES PERSONNELLES nous partageons vos données avec des tiers, y compris avec nos partenaires ou prestataires de services qui nous aident à fournir nos Services. Vous trouverez ici des informations sur ces catégories de destinataires tiers.
CATÉGORIE DE DESTINATAIRES
DONNÉES POUVANT ÊTRE PARTAGÉES
FINALITÉ DU PARTAGE 
Les Fournisseurs de Services Essentiels, qui traitent les données en notre nom, dans le but de fournir les services, de les sécuriser et de les améliorer. 
Toutes les données à l'exception des données stockées localement sur votre appareil.
Nous pouvons divulguer des Données personnelles à nos fournisseurs de services de confiance qui fournissent des technologies ou des plateformes essentielles afin de fournir les Services (les « Fournisseurs de services essentiels »). Ces Fournisseurs de services essentiels comprennent les services d'hébergement et de colocation de serveurs, les réseaux de communication et de diffusion de contenu (CDN), les fournisseurs de services Internet, les systèmes d'exploitation et les plateformes, les services de données et de cybersécurité, les services de détection des fraudes, les services de facturation et de traitement des paiements, les services d'expédition et de manutention, les services d'enregistrement de session ou d'activité, ainsi que les systèmes d'assistance et de gestion de la relation client. Les Fournisseurs de services ont accès à ces informations ou les traitent en notre nom. Il est interdit aux Fournisseurs de services d'utiliser vos informations personnelles à d'autres fins que de nous fournir les services demandés. 
Prestataires de services marketing
Données de comportement, Données d'utilisation, Identifiants en ligne, Données de compte et données de profilage.
Nos prestataires de services marketing, qui traitent pour notre compte certaines données que nous utilisons afin de vous cibler et de vous proposer nos Services, ou qui nous fournissent des outils pour le faire (les « Prestataires de services marketing »). 
Consultants
Données de compte et d'inscription, informations de contact ainsi que toute autre donnée à l'exception des données stockées localement sur votre appareil. 
Nos conseillers juridiques, financiers et de conformité (nos « Consultants ») peuvent être exposés à certaines Données personnelles. Nos Consultants sont liés par des obligations de privilège ou par des accords de confidentialité et il leur est interdit de partager des Données personnelles, sauf dans le but de fournir les services que nous avons demandés. 
Plateformes tierces
Données d'inscription, Créations et Activité du Marché Popular Pays. 
Nos services peuvent inclure des liens vers des sites Internet tiers et des intégrations avec des services tiers. Ces sites et services tiers, ainsi que toute information que vous traitez, soumettez, transmettez, stockez ou utilisez de toute autre manière avec ces sites Internet et services tiers, sortent du cadre des conditions d'utilisation et de la Politique de confidentialité de Lightricks et seront donc régis par les conditions ainsi que par les pratiques et politiques de confidentialité de ces tiers, et non par la présente Politique de confidentialité. De plus, si les Services s'intègrent à un service tiers, l'API qui effectue l'intégration permettra au tiers concerné de vous proposer certains contenus ainsi que d'accéder à certains de vos contenus. Par exemple, si vous souhaitez télécharger ou partager vos contenus sur un service tiers intégré tel qu'Instagram ou TikTok, ou utiliser certaines fonctionnalités de ces services, l'API permettra au tiers concerné d'accéder à vos contenus (comme votre photothèque). 
Autres utilisateurs
Créations, nom, informations de contact. 
En raison de la nature des Applications et de la fonction de Flux Lightricks, certaines Données personnelles disponibles dans les Applications sont visibles par d'autres utilisateurs de Lightricks dans cette Application, par exemple votre nom d'utilisateur, les mentions « J'aime » et les commentaires effectués sur d'autres contenus. Nous ne partagerons jamais vos photos ou vos vidéos avec d'autres utilisateurs à moins que vous ne choisissiez activement de le faire. 
Filiales et sociétés affiliées
Toutes les données à l'exception des données stockées localement sur votre appareil.
Nous pouvons partager des Données personnelles, en interne au sein de notre groupe ou dans le cadre d'une transaction d'entreprise (par exemple : vente d'une partie substantielle de notre activité, fusion, consolidation ou vente d'actifs). Dans l'éventualité de ce qui précède, nos sociétés affiliées ou notre société acquéreuse assumeront les droits et obligations décrits dans la présente Politique. 
Tiers, autorités, fournisseurs de services de sécurité, agences gouvernementales ou tiers autorisés.
Toutes les données, à l'exception des données stockées localement sur votre appareil, en fonction de la finalité et des besoins concernés. 
Pour protéger les droits et la sécurité de nos services et Applications, nous pouvons partager des Données personnelles avec des tiers si nous estimons de bonne foi que cela contribuera à protéger les droits, la propriété ou la sécurité personnelle des utilisateurs ou des individus, ou de tout membre du grand public. Cela inclura des fins légales et d'application de la loi, c'est-à-dire en réponse à une demande vérifiée concernant des actes terroristes, des enquêtes criminelles ou toute activité illégale présumée ou toute autre activité qui pourrait nous exposer, vous ou tout autre utilisateur, à une responsabilité légale, et uniquement dans la mesure nécessaire afin de se conformer à cette finalité. Une telle divulgation ou un tel accès peut avoir lieu si nous estimons de bonne foi que : nous sommes légalement obligés de le faire ; la divulgation est appropriée dans le cadre des efforts visant à enquêter, à prévenir ou à prendre des mesures concernant une activité illégale, une fraude ou d'autres actes répréhensibles réels ou présumés ; ou cette divulgation est nécessaire afin de protéger nos intérêts commerciaux légitimes, y compris la sécurité ou l'intégrité de nos services. 
Lorsque nous partageons des informations avec des prestataires de services et des partenaires, nous veillons à ce qu'ils n'aient accès qu'aux informations strictement nécessaires pour que nous puissions fournir les services. Ces parties sont tenues de sécuriser les données qu'elles reçoivent et de les utiliser uniquement à des fins préalablement convenues tout en garantissant le respect de toutes les réglementations applicables en matière de protection des données (ces prestataires de services peuvent utiliser d'autres Données non personnelles dans leur propre intérêt).
DROITS DES UTILISATEURS nous reconnaissons que différentes personnes ont des préoccupations et des préférences différentes en matière de confidentialité. Notre objectif est d'être clair sur les informations que nous recueillons afin que vous puissiez faire des choix significatifs sur la façon dont elles sont utilisées. Nous vous permettons d'exercer certains choix, droits et contrôles en rapport avec vos informations. En fonction de votre relation avec nous, de votre juridiction et des lois sur la protection des données qui s'appliquent à vous, vous avez le droit de contrôler et de demander l'exécution de certaines limitations ou de certains droits.
Pour les résidents et les résidentes des Etats de Californie, de Virginie et du Colorado, veuillez consulter notre Avis de confidentialité CCPA. 
Pour obtenir des informations détaillées sur vos droits et sur les modalités d'exercice de vos droits, veuillez consulter le Formulaire de Demande des Personnes Concernées (le « FDPC ») disponible ici et l'envoyer à notre délégué à la protection des données à l'adresse suivante : dpo@lightricks.com.
En outre, certains droits sont disponibles dans l'Application : vous pouvez à tout moment corriger, réviser et supprimer des informations à partir des paramètres de l'Application, tout consentement fourni peut ainsi être facilement retiré et vous pouvez vous désinscrire de certaines fonctionnalités et de certains suivis. Nous vous recommandons par conséquent d'utiliser les solutions techniques que nous vous avons fournies pour exercer vos droits.
Enfin, vous pouvez désactiver les publicités ciblées par centres d'intérêt via les paramètres de l'appareil ou en vous désinscrivant à partir du site Internet de la Network Advertising Initiative (la « NAI »), en allant sur la page de désinscription de la NAI, et à partir du site Internet de la Digital Advertising Alliance (la « DAA »). en allant sur la page de désinscription de la DAA.
CONSERVATION DES DONNÉES en général, sauf si une durée de conservation différente est indiquée ci-dessus, nous conservons les Données personnelles que nous collectons aussi longtemps qu'elles restent nécessaires aux fins énoncées ci-dessus, lorsque la loi ou la réglementation le permettent, ou jusqu'à ce que vous exprimiez votre préférence en matière de désinscription, le cas échéant.
Il existe d'autres circonstances dans lesquelles nous pouvons conserver vos Données personnelles pendant des périodes plus longues lorsque la loi ou la réglementation l'autorise, et notamment : lorsque nous sommes tenus de le faire conformément à des exigences légales, réglementaires, fiscales ou comptables, ou pour que nous conservions un enregistrement précis de vos transactions avec nous en cas de réclamations ou de contestations, ou si nous pensons raisonnablement qu'il existe une perspective de litige concernant vos Données personnelles. 
Veuillez noter que, sauf si la loi applicable l'exige ou si nos accords spécifiques passés avec vous l'imposent, nous ne serons pas obligés de conserver vos Données personnelles pendant une période particulière, et que nous sommes libres de les supprimer en toute sécurité ou d'en restreindre l'accès pour quelque raison que ce soit et à tout moment, avec ou sans préavis. Si vous avez des questions sur notre politique de conservation des données, veuillez nous contacter par email à l'adresse suivante : dpo@lightricks.com. 
MESURES DE SÉCURITÉ nous mettons en œuvre des mesures techniques, organisationnelles et de sécurité appropriées et conformes aux normes de l'industrie afin de réduire les risques d'endommagement (ou de perte) d'informations, ou tout accès ou utilisation non autorisés d'informations. Cependant, ces mesures ne garantissent pas une sécurité absolue des informations. Par conséquent, bien que des efforts soient déployés afin de sécuriser vos Données personnelles, il n'existe aucune garantie à cet égard et vous ne pouvez pas vous attendre à ce que les services soient à l'abri de tout risque ou attaque en matière de sécurité des informations. De plus, étant donné que la sécurité des informations dépend en partie de la sécurité de l'ordinateur, de l'appareil ou du réseau que vous utilisez afin de communiquer avec nous, la sécurité de vos Données personnelles dépend également de vous. Assurez-vous par conséquent de prendre toutes les mesures appropriées pour assurer l'utilisation en toute sécurité des réseaux et des appareils concernés et pour protéger vos identifiants d'accès.
Si vous estimez que votre vie privée n'a pas été traitée correctement, ou d'une manière contraire à notre Politique de confidentialité, ou si vous avez connaissance d'une tentative d'un tiers d'obtenir un accès non autorisé à l'une quelconque de vos Données Personnelles, veuillez nous contacter à l'adresse suivante : dpo@lightricks.com. Si nous découvrons un incident de sécurité lié à vos Données personnelles, nous déploierons des efforts raisonnables afin de vous en informer, ainsi que les autorités compétentes (si la loi applicable l'exige. 
TRANSFERT INTERNATIONAL DE DONNÉES nos serveurs de données, dans lesquels nous hébergeons et stockons les informations, sont situés dans le monde entier, y compris aux États-Unis et dans l'UE. Le siège social est basé en Israël, où nous pouvons accéder aux informations stockées sur des serveurs locaux, des serveurs d'hébergement sur le cloud ou d'autres systèmes et plateformes utilisés. Dans le cas où nous aurions besoin de transférer vos Données personnelles en dehors de votre juridiction, nous prendrons toutes les mesures appropriées afin de nous assurer que vos Données personnelles bénéficient d'un niveau de protection adéquat, comme l'exige la loi applicable. En outre, lorsque des Données personnelles collectées dans l'Espace économique européen (l'« EEE »), au Royaume-Uni ou en Suisse, sont transférées en dehors de ces juridictions, vers un pays qui n'a pas reçu de décision d'adéquation de la Commission européenne ou de l'ICO, nous prenons toutes les mesures nécessaires afin de nous assurer que des garanties suffisantes sont fournies lors du transfert de ces Données personnelles, conformément aux dispositions des clauses contractuelles types de l'UE, du Royaume-Uni ou de la Suisse. Ainsi, nous obtenons de la part de l'importateur de données concerné des engagements contractuels ou des assurances concernant la protection de vos Données personnelles, en utilisant des protections contractuelles que les régulateurs ont préapprouvées en vue de garantir la protection de vos données.
ADMISSIBILITÉ ET VIE PRIVÉE DES ENFANTS les services ne sont pas destinés à être utilisés par des enfants (l'expression « enfant » désigne ici toute personne qui n'a pas atteint l'âge défini par la loi applicable, c'est-à-dire, en ce qui concerne l'EEE, toute personne âgée de moins de 16 ans, et en ce qui concerne les États-Unis, toute personne de moins de 13 ans), et nous ne traitons pas sciemment les informations des enfants. Nous supprimerons toute information reçue d'un utilisateur considéré comme étant un « enfant » dès que nous découvrirons que cet utilisateur a partagé des informations avec nous. Si vous avez des raisons de croire qu'un enfant a partagé des informations avec nous, veuillez nous contacter à l'adresse suivante : dpo@lightricks.com.
SPÉCIFICATIONS brésil : nous avons créé cette section spécifiquement pour les utilisateurs situés au Brésil. Les utilisateurs situés au Brésil ont certains droits à la vie privée tels que spécifiés par la loi brésilienne, y compris la Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (la « LGPD »). Notre Politique de confidentialité et les contrôles de confidentialité que nous proposons à tous les utilisateurs sont conformes à ces lois, et le présent avis garantit que nous couvrons les exigences spécifiques au Brésil. Par exemple, tous les utilisateurs peuvent demander une copie de leurs données, demander leur suppression et contrôler leurs paramètres de confidentialité dans l'application.
Des informations sur le Responsable du traitement des données sont à votre disposition ci-dessus dans la section 2. 
La base légale en vertu de la LGPD est le Contrat (respect des obligations de l'accord que nous avons conclu), l'Intérêt légitime (nous avons le droit, l'intérêt légitime, de le faire), le Consentement (nous avons demandé votre permission), et les Obligations légales. Les tableaux de la section 4 précisent la base légale invoquée pour justifier le traitement de chaque jeu de données.
États-Unis : pour prendre connaissance des spécifications pour les États de la Californie, du Nevada, de la Virginie, du Colorado et du Connecticut, veuillez consulter notre Avis CCPA.
INFORMATIVA SULLA PRIVACY DI LIGHTRICKS
[Ultima modifica: 17 agosto 2023].
Lightricks Ltd. , ivi comprese le sue società controllate e affiliate (collettivamente, " Lightricks ", "noi", "nostro" o "ci"), si impegna a fondo per garantire che i dati personali trattati siano conservati in modo sicuro e utilizzati in modo corretto e che le pratiche in materia di trattamento dei dati siano opportunamente comunicate agli utenti e ai potenziali utenti.
Lightricks è un pioniere della tecnologia innovativa, che colma il divario tra immaginazione e creazione. Gli strumenti di editing foto e video di Lightricks offrono infinite possibilità e ispirazione, consentendo a individui, creatori di contenuti o influencer di monetizzare il proprio lavoro e offrendo ai marchi l'opportunità di scalare i propri contenuti attraverso partnership personalizzate con i creatori. Lightricks è un'azienda globale che offre questi servizi, app e tecnologie in tutto il mondo. 
La presente Informativa sulla privacy ("Informativa" o "Informativa sulla privacy") descrive le modalità di raccolta, conservazione, utilizzo e diffusione delle informazioni durante l'utilizzo dei servizi, delle tecnologie e delle app qui descritti. Abbiamo cercato di illustrare nel dettaglio questi processi in modo semplice e diretto, tuttavia, poiché Lightricks offre diverse app mobili e web (ciascuna una "App"), funzionalità e feed ("Feed di Lightricks ") nonché un marketplace online ("Marketplace Popular Pays") che mette in contatto marchi e agenzie ("Brand") con individui, creatori di contenuti, influencer ("Creatore/i"), ognuno dei quali tratta le vostre informazioni in modo diverso, vi invitiamo a prenderne attenta visione e a contattarci in caso di ulteriori domande. 
La presente Informativa è applicabile a (collettivamente e individualmente denominati "voi" o "vostro/i"): prospect e visitatori che navigano sui nostri siti web, sulle landing page, coinvolti in annunci e campagne che promuovono i nostri servizi, blog o altri moduli web ("Prospect" o "Visitatore"); utenti che installano e utilizzano le nostre App; Marchi e Creatori che utilizzano il Marketplace Popular Pays; e qualsiasi individuo che utilizza i nostri servizi. 
Nel caso in cui siate residenti in Colorado, Virginia o California, siete pregati di consultare la nostra Informativa sulla privacy CCPA ("Informativa CCPA") in aggiunta alla presente Informativa sulla privacy. 
Non siete tenuti, in alcun momento, a fornirci dati o informazioni personali. 
AGGIORNAMENTI E MODIFICHE possiamo aggiornare e modificare la presente Informativa di volta in volta, a nostra esclusiva discrezione. La versione più recente dell'Informativa sarà sempre accessibile dal sito web o dalle App. La data di aggiornamento dell'Informativa sarà riportata alla voce "Ultime modifiche". In caso di modifiche sostanziali o laddove previsto dalla legge, invieremo un avviso che rifletta tali modifiche. La versione modificata dell'Informativa entrerà in vigore entro 30 giorni dalla data di pubblicazione. Vi consigliamo di consultare periodicamente la presente Informativa per assicurarvi di avere preso conoscenza delle nostre pratiche più aggiornate in materia di privacy.
INFORMAZIONI DI CONTATTO E RUOLI lightricks Ltd. è costituita secondo le leggi dello Stato di Israele e, se non diversamente ed esplicitamente indicato nella tabella sottostante, è il Titolare del trattamento dei Dati personali (secondo la definizione di tali termini contenuta nel Regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati "RGPD" o nella normativa equivalente in materia di privacy).
Per qualsiasi domanda, richiesta o dubbio relativi alla presente Informativa sulla privacy o al trattamento dei vostri Dati personali, potete contattarci come segue informazioni di contatto del Responsabile della protezione dei dati (DPO): dpo@lightricks.com
A mezzo posta lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Gerusalemme, Israele, 9190401
Informazioni di contatto del rappresentante degli interessati nell'UE e nel Regno Unito abbiamo nominato dei rappresentanti in Germania e nel Regno Unito per le questioni di protezione dei dati riguardanti gli interessati dell'UE o del Regno Unito.
Le richieste relative alle nostre pratiche sulla privacy nell'UE possono essere inviate al nostro Rappresentante per la protezione dei dati ("DPR") come segue informazioni di contatto del DPR: dpr@lightricks.com
A mezzo posta lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Francoforte sul Meno, Germania.
Le richieste relative alle nostre pratiche sulla privacy nel Regno Unito possono essere inviate al nostro DPR del Regno Unito come segue informazioni di contatto DPR-UK: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
A mezzo posta lightricks (UK),
Numero di registrazione ICO: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, Londra, Inghilterra, NW6 3QT Regno Unito.
TIPOLOGIA DI SET DI DATI TRATTATI
Durante l'utilizzo o l'interazione con i servizi, raccogliamo informazioni aggregate, non personali e non identificabili ("Dati non personali"). I Dati non personali raccolti comprendono informazioni aggregate sull'utilizzo, informazioni anonimizzate e informazioni tecniche, quali: tipo di browser o dispositivo, lingua preferita, data e ora, ecc. 
Raccogliamo inoltre informazioni che identificano un individuo o che possono, con uno sforzo ragionevole, essere utilizzate per identificare un individuo ("Dati personali"). I tipi di Dati personali che raccogliamo e la finalità del trattamento di tali dati sono specificati nella tabella sottostante. A scanso di equivoci, qualsiasi dato non personale connesso o collegato a qualsiasi dato personale sarà considerato un dato personale fintanto che esisterà tale connessione o collegamento. 
Potremmo trattare dati demografici e alcuni criteri di profilazione, desunti dai set di dati elencati di seguito; ad esempio, dalle vostre immagini potremmo determinare il vostro sesso e la vostra età. 
FINALITÀ, BASE GIURIDICA E OPERAZIONI DI TRATTAMENTO
Di seguito abbiamo descritto in dettaglio, per ogni risorsa e servizio, i Dati personali trattati, le finalità e le operazioni nonché la base giuridica di tale trattamento. Sono presenti quattro tabelle, la Tabella A riporta i Dati personali trattati durante l'utilizzo delle nostre App, la Tabella B riporta i Dati personali utilizzati per lo sviluppo, il machine learning AI o altrimenti utilizzati per finalità interne, la Tabella C riporta i Dati personali trattati durante l'utilizzo del Marketplace Popular Pays e la Tabella D riporta i Dati personali trattati durante l'interazione con il nostro sito web, gli annunci o altro.
TABELLA A: APP 
SET DI DATI
FINALITÀ E OPERAZIONI
BASE GIURIDICA 
Dati dell'account.
Dopo aver installato l'App, effettuerete il login e creerete il vostro account (per gli utenti iOS, la creazione di un account è facoltativa). 
Potete scegliere di effettuare il login utilizzando il vostro account Apple, Facebook o Google o altrimenti inserendo il vostro indirizzo e-mail e scegliendo una password. 
Se effettuate il login tramite Facebook, Google o Apple, riceveremo le informazioni collegate a tale account (a seconda delle impostazioni sulla privacy selezionate), come il nome, l'immagine del profilo, l'elenco degli amici, i dati demografici e la posizione. 
Utilizziamo i Dati dell'account per creare un account e autenticare la vostra identità. Se utilizzate diverse App e avete effettuato l'accesso, saremo in grado di identificarvi tra le varie App e di condividere le informazioni elaborate in ciascuna di esse. Vi invieremo inoltre fatture, materiali e contenuti, compresi materiali di marketing, tramite l'indirizzo e-mail fornito durante la registrazione ("Marketing diretto").
Trattamento dei Dati dell'account necessario per l'esecuzione di un contratto.
Il trattamento a fini di marketing diretto è basato sul nostro legittimo interesse; potete rinunciare in qualsiasi momento a tale trattamento annullando l'iscrizione. Si noti che, anche se si annulla l'iscrizione, alcune e-mail operative continueranno a essere inviate. 
Identificatori online e Dati di utilizzo quando utilizzate le App, noi o i nostri partner terzi vi identifichiamo attraverso gli Identificatori online. Gli "identificatori online" sono identificatori univoci, tra cui IDFA o AAID, indirizzo IP, ID del dispositivo, ID del cookie, agente, ecc.
Trattiamo inoltre, direttamente o indirettamente attraverso i nostri partner terzi, i dati di utilizzo, che possono essere associati o meno agli Identificatori online. Se associati a un Identificatore online, saranno trattati come Dati personali, altrimenti, se i dati di utilizzo sono aggregati, anonimizzati o de-identificati, non saranno considerati come Dati personali. 
I dati di utilizzo comprendono informazioni relative alla vostra interazione con l'App, alle funzioni utilizzate, alla durata dell'utilizzo, ai dati relativi al flusso di clic, agli errori che si sono verificati, nonché alla vostra interazione con i contenuti o gli annunci pubblicitari visualizzati, alle registrazioni della pubblicità e dei contenuti visualizzati sulle pagine o sulle schermate dell'App che vi sono state mostrate e a qualsiasi interazione che abbiate avuto con tali contenuti o pubblicità (collettivamente "Dati di utilizzo"). 
Gli Identificatori online e i Dati di utilizzo vengono utilizzati per scopi analitici e operativi, per correggere errori e bug, per adattare le preferenze linguistiche, se applicabili, per consentirvi di utilizzare l'app e per fornirvi le sue funzionalità. 
Alcune App visualizzano inoltre annunci pubblicitari basati sugli interessi o altre attività di marketing e promozione che si basano sui Dati di utilizzo. 
Quando il trattamento è finalizzato al marketing o al tracciamento, tratteremo i Dati personali esclusivamente sulla base del consenso. 
Quando il trattamento dei Dati personali è finalizzato all'operatività e alla fornitura delle funzionalità dell'App, la base giuridica è costituita dalla necessità contrattuale. 
Infine, i Dati personali possono essere trattati in base al nostro legittimo interesse a comprendere come vengono utilizzati i nostri servizi, correggere gli errori e migliorare l'esperienza, anche personalizzando offerte e promozioni. 
Immagini, foto e video per attivare i servizi, ci darete accesso alla vostra galleria fotografica o caricherete foto dalla vostra galleria. Le immagini, le foto e i video vengono elaborati sul vostro dispositivo per determinare la posizione stimata di parti del viso (come gli occhi, il naso o la bocca) e di punti del viso e degli occhi, che vengono applicati a un modello generico di volto utilizzato per aiutarvi a modificare immagini e video in tempo reale ("Dati del viso").
Raccogliamo anche dati demografici elaborati su dispositivi iOS, come età e sesso, dalle vostre immagini, foto e video.
Quando le foto e le immagini vengono utilizzate per la creazione di opere d'arte o per l'aggiunta di effetti alle vostre creazioni, l'immagine selezionata viene caricata su Lightricks Cloud. Nessun dato elaborato da questi effetti viene utilizzato per identificarvi e nessun dato viene memorizzato su Lightricks Cloud, ad eccezione dell'immagine originale e dell'immagine di output, che vengono eliminate entro 30 giorni, salvo vostra diversa richiesta.
Trattiamo i dati per consentire l'utilizzo delle funzionalità disponibili all'interno delle App, compresa la possibilità di modificare immagini, video e supporti. 
Tratteremo i dati demografici per commercializzare offerte personalizzate da parte di Lightricks. Non utilizziamo vostre foto, video o Dati del viso per finalità di marketing, né queste informazioni vengono condivise con terze parti.
I Dati del viso vengono elaborati sul vostro dispositivo. Non raccogliamo né conserviamo i Dati del viso sui nostri server né li condividiamo con terze parti. 
Elaboriamo le immagini, i video e le foto, compresi i Dati del viso, al fine di fornire i servizi e adempiere ai nostri obblighi contrattuali nei vostri confronti. 
Se decidete di memorizzare progetti che utilizzano i Dati del viso, i dati saranno memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo finché non eliminerete il progetto, finché il progetto non verrà eliminato automaticamente a causa dei limiti di memorizzazione o finché non eliminerete l'App.
Se avete concesso l'accesso alla vostra galleria fotografica, potete revocare l'autorizzazione in qualsiasi momento. 
Strumenti AI e Avatar alcune app includono tecnologie di intelligenza artificiale ("AI") per l'editing di immagini, foto e video, per la creazione di avatar magici personalizzati ("Avatar"), movimenti ed effetti, stili artistici, "da testo a immagine", ecc. (collettivamente "Output").
A tal fine, elaboriamo le immagini e i video originali caricati ("Input") su Lightricks Cloud. La nostra tecnologia AI utilizza il rilevamento dei volti per determinare la postura, la posizione e altre caratteristiche non identificative dei volti che appaiono nell'inquadratura e può trattare i Dati personali non dell'utente come descritto ulteriormente nella sezione sottostante. 
Gli Output sono solitamente memorizzati sul vostro dispositivo e noi non abbiamo accesso né controllo su di essi, tuttavia i vostri Avatar acquistati sono memorizzati su Lightricks Cloud in modo che rimangano accessibili attraverso l'App in qualsiasi momento e da qualsiasi dispositivo finché non deciderete di eliminarli. 
Utilizziamo i dati caricati su Lightricks Cloud, ovvero l'Input e l'Output, allo scopo di fornire i Servizi e generare l'Output. 
Per creare gli Avatar, elaboriamo 10-25 immagini come Input allo scopo di fornire i Servizi e rispettare i nostri obblighi contrattuali nei vostri confronti. Attualmente stiamo utilizzando il modello di rete neurale Stable Difffusion che consente agli utenti di generare Avatar personalizzati. 
Gli Input vengono eliminati entro 24 ore, a meno che non siano stati forniti per la creazione dell'Avatar, nel qual caso verranno eliminati immediatamente una volta creato l'Avatar. 
Dati personali non dell'utente qualora fossimo in grado di determinare che avete condiviso con noi Dati personali non dell'utente, come le immagini o i video che inviate in relazione alla nostra funzione "avatar di coppia", utilizzeremo le immagini o i video per generare l'avatar o altri Output ed elimineremo gli Input in modo permanente dal Cloud di Lightricks.
Inoltre, potete invitare gli amici a utilizzare le nostre App. In questo caso vi verrà richiesto di condividere i dati di contatto dei vostri amici (come l'indirizzo e-mail o il numero di telefono). 
Elaboriamo la foto al solo scopo di fornire i Servizi, non faremo alcun altro uso della foto originale. 
Tratteremo i dati di contatto dei vostri amici solo allo scopo di inviare loro un invito a utilizzare i Servizi; non utilizzeremo questi dati per nessun'altra finalità. 
Legittimo interesse a fornire i Servizi al nostro Utente. 
Assistenza.
Quando ci contattate per l'assistenza clienti, trattiamo le vostre informazioni di contatto. 
Utilizzeremo le informazioni di contatto per prestare la necessaria assistenza clienti. Conserveremo tale corrispondenza per tutto il tempo necessario e per dimostrare che l'assistenza è stata effettivamente prestata. 
Trattiamo tali informazioni per fornire i servizi di assistenza e adempiere agli obblighi contrattuali. 
Sondaggio e feedback potremmo chiedervi di fornire un feedback sui nostri servizi. Se decidete di rispondere alla nostra richiesta di feedback o di partecipare al nostro sondaggio, raccoglieremo il vostro feedback e le informazioni di contatto, come il vostro nome, indirizzo e-mail, ecc.
Utilizziamo queste informazioni al fine di migliorare, rivedere e potenziare il nostro Servizio, nonché per ottimizzare e personalizzare i Servizi. 
Il trattamento di tali informazioni si basa sul vostro consenso. Potete revocare il consenso in qualsiasi momento contattandoci tramite le informazioni di contatto fornite nel presente documento.
Dettagli di acquisto alcune funzioni e servizi sono a pagamento, sia in-app che in abbonamento. I pagamenti vengono effettuati tramite acquisti in-app ("IAP") con servizi di pagamento di terze parti; tuttavia, trattiamo i dati delle transazioni commerciali, come ad esempio le registrazioni degli acquisti e dei prezzi; i dati di spedizione (se applicabili); l'indirizzo, il numero di telefono di contatto e l'indirizzo e-mail.
Utilizziamo queste informazioni per elaborare i vostri pagamenti. 
Possiamo utilizzare servizi e piattaforme di terze parti per elaborare i Dati di pagamento, come Adyen e Paypal, o tramite IAP in cui Google Play o Apple Store gestiscono tali pagamenti. Di conseguenza, qualsiasi transazione elaborata dalle piattaforme di terze parti sarà disciplinata dalla rispettiva informativa sulla privacy e dai rispettivi termini, che vi consigliamo di consultare. 
Esecuzione del nostro contratto con voi. 
Social media 
Quando utilizzate il feed di Lightricks o condividete le vostre creazioni sui social media, tratteremo i Dati personali che mettete a disposizione, come foto del profilo, nome, indirizzo e-mail, account dei social media, reazioni ai post del feed ("Dati del feed").
Utilizziamo i Dati del feed per fornirvi i Servizi del Feed di Lightricks e per consentirvi l'interazione con i social media di terze parti.
Il trattamento dei Dati del feed si basa sull'esecuzione di un contratto. Si noti che le informazioni che si decide di rendere pubbliche potrebbero non poter essere eliminate anche se si elimina l'App e l'Account. 
Autorizzazioni.
A seconda dell'App utilizzata o delle funzionalità di cui si desidera usufruire, vi verrà richiesto di concedere autorizzazioni di accesso quali: accesso alla galleria fotografica, abilitazione degli strumenti di tracciamento, notifiche push, accesso ai vostri profili social, ecc. 
Utilizzeremo queste autorizzazioni per elaborare le informazioni necessarie a fornire il Servizio o a migliorarlo. 
Per accedere a queste Autorizzazioni dell'app, è necessario abilitarle attivamente ed esplicitamente attraverso un'autorizzazione in-app o nelle impostazioni del dispositivo mobile; è possibile disabilitare le autorizzazioni dell'app in qualsiasi momento, tuttavia si noti che, se si disabilita questa opzione, una funzione o tutte le funzioni potrebbero non funzionare correttamente. 
Per ulteriori informazioni sugli SDK integrati nelle nostre App, consultare la sezione sottostante utilizziamo fornitori di servizi di analisi di terze parti, come ad esempio Google Analytics, i servizi Crashlytics e Firebase di Google e Facebook. Potremmo comunicare i vostri dati a questi fornitori di servizi di analisi per comprendere meglio come voi e altri utenti utilizzate i nostri servizi appsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
Comunicheremo i dati a fornitori di analisi di terze parti per finalità di marketing e di tracciamento, per scopi analitici e operativi, per correggere errori e bug, per adattare le preferenze linguistiche, se applicabili, per consentirvi di utilizzare l'app e per fornirvi le sue funzionalità. 
Quando il trattamento è finalizzato al marketing o al tracciamento, tratteremo i Dati personali esclusivamente sulla base del consenso. Altrimenti, il trattamento di questi SDK sarà basato sul nostro legittimo interesse. 
TABELLA B: MACHINE LEARNING AI E SVILUPPO INTERNO 
SET DI DATI
FINALITÀ E OPERAZIONI
BASE GIURIDICA 
Dati di utilizzo.
Input, comprese la postura, la posizione e altre caratteristiche non identificative dei volti rilevati negli Input dalla nostra tecnologia AI (ma non i Dati del viso, definiti più sopra). 
Utilizzeremo i dati per arricchire i contenuti e migliorare le funzionalità disponibili all'interno dei Servizi. 
Utilizzeremo queste informazioni per personalizzare il servizio offerto, per adattare le offerte ai vostri interessi e per offrire ulteriori prodotti, app o servizi Lightricks che riteniamo possano essere di vostro gradimento. 
Per migliorare la tecnologia AI e offrire Servizi ottimali, utilizziamo parti dell'Input in modo anonimizzato, al fine di addestrare l'algoritmo e creare modelli (come modelli di diffusione, GAN e altri). L'Input non può essere collegato a voi, identificato con voi o utilizzato per identificarvi. Non utilizzeremo l'Input nella sua interezza, ma elaboreremo invece alcune copie estratte dall'Input. 
Non saremo in grado, e non ci proponiamo di farlo, di autenticare o identificare in modo univoco l'utente, o qualsiasi altra persona, utilizzando questi modelli. 
Inoltre, etichettiamo automaticamente alcune immagini rilevate nei vostri input, come "cane", "gatto", maschio o femmina, per migliorare le prestazioni delle funzioni di intelligenza artificiale, come la creazione di "da testo a immagine" e di Avatar, e per etichettare i dati da utilizzare nel machine learning. Si noti che i dati etichettati non sono legati ad alcuna persona identificata.
Il machine learning e l'etichettatura dei dati si basano sul nostro legittimo interesse a migliorare i nostri Servizi e la nostra tecnologia. Ci assicuriamo che le informazioni identificative, come gli identificatori del dispositivo o gli Identificatori online, non siano associate alle informazioni utilizzate per l'apprendimento e la formazione, compreso l'Input, il che significa che l'Input non può essere reidentificato con voi o associato a voi.
Ad eccezione di quanto sopra, i modelli utilizzati per la formazione e l'apprendimento vengono cancellati entro 180 giorni. 
Tuttavia, è vostra esclusiva responsabilità caricare immagini, video e altri contenuti che non siano illegali, calunniosi, diffamatori, osceni, pornografici, indecenti, lascivi, allusivi, molesti, minacciosi, lesivi della privacy o dei diritti di pubblicità, abusivi, ingiuriosi, fraudolenti o che possano essere altrimenti interpretati come contenuti dannosi. Vi invitiamo a contattarci all'indirizzo dpo@lightricks.com se ritenete che un qualsiasi contenuto sia offensivo. L'uso delle tecnologie AI è soggetto anche ai Termini AI, disponibili all'indirizzo: website_url_lnk 
TABELLA C : MARKETPLACE POPULAR PAYS 
SET DI DATI
FINALITÀ E OPERAZIONI
BASE GIURIDICA 
Registrazione.
Quando il Marchio si iscrive al Marketplace Popular Pays, deve inserire le informazioni di contatto degli utenti autorizzati (nome, numero di telefono, indirizzo e-mail, sito web, ecc.). 
Dopo la registrazione e la creazione dell'Account del Marchio, il Marchio avrà accesso alla dashboard che includerà ulteriori dati riguardanti le campagne, le statistiche e le analisi relative alle campagne, il coinvolgimento degli utenti, ecc. 
Utilizziamo queste informazioni per creare un account, provvedere alla gestione dell'account, consentire la vostra interazione con i Creatori, condurre le campagne di marketing, prestare assistenza e fornire qualsiasi Servizio richiesto. 
Gli Insight sulle campagne vengono forniti in modo analitico aggregato. 
Il trattamento è necessario per l'esecuzione di un contratto. 
Account del Creatore il Creatore dovrà creare un portfolio che includerà nome e cognome, indirizzo e-mail, età, sesso, località, indirizzo di spedizione, dati demografici, informazioni di pagamento (incluse coordinate bancarie o dell'account Apple-Pay/Google-Pay), professione o specializzazione (ad esempio, stile di vita, moda, bellezza, pianificazione finanziaria), preferenze linguistiche, ecc.
Tutte queste informazioni rese disponibili attraverso il portfolio sono denominate "Dati del portfolio".
Inoltre, per partecipare alle campagne, il Creatore dovrà caricare le proprie creazioni nel portfolio e integrare i propri account sui social media, attraverso i quali i Marchi potranno esaminare il suo lavoro, la sua biografia e la tipologia di follower con cui interagisce. 
Utilizziamo i Dati del Portfolio per creare il portfolio, renderlo disponibile per la consultazione da parte dei Marchi, consentire la vostra interazione con i Marchi, provvedere alla gestione dell'account, prestare assistenza e fornire qualsiasi Servizio richiesto. 
Utilizzeremo inoltre i contenuti caricati e i Dati del Portfolio per creare Insight aggregati sul pubblico e sui contenuti (ad esempio, sesso, fascia di età, geolocalizzazione ecc.).
I Dati del Portfolio sono necessari per l'esecuzione dei nostri obblighi contrattuali nella fornitura dei servizi.
Il trattamento degli Insight si basa sul nostro legittimo interesse. 
Anche le creazioni caricate dall'utente possono includere Dati personali, tuttavia noi siamo il Responsabile del trattamento (come definito dal RGPD) di tali Dati personali, in quanto ospitiamo le creazioni per conto dell'utente. 
Dati di utilizzo raccogliamo informazioni su come, quando e dove utilizzate il servizio, accedete all'Account e sulle azioni condotte sul Marketplace Popular Pays.
Utilizziamo queste informazioni esclusivamente al fine di migliorare i Servizi e correggere bug ed errori. 
Il trattamento è necessario per l'esecuzione di un contratto. 
Assistenza clienti.
Quando ci contattate per l'assistenza clienti, trattiamo le vostre informazioni di contatto. 
Utilizzeremo le informazioni di contatto per prestare la necessaria assistenza clienti. Conserveremo tale corrispondenza per tutto il tempo necessario e per dimostrare che l'assistenza è stata effettivamente prestata.
Trattiamo tali informazioni per fornire i servizi di assistenza e adempiere agli obblighi contrattuali. 
Marketing diretto.
Vi invieremo comunicazioni di servizio e promozioni di marketing, come nuove funzionalità, offerte aggiuntive, opportunità speciali o qualsiasi altra informazione che riteniamo possa esservi utile. 
Utilizzeremo queste informazioni per tenervi aggiornati su offerte e contenuti e per le operazioni (fatture, offerte, ecc.). 
Il trattamento di tali informazioni si basa sul nostro legittimo interesse. Potete decidere in qualsiasi momento di cancellarvi attraverso il link "annulla l'iscrizione" all'interno dell'e-mail. 
Campagne.
In qualità di Marchio, forniamo servizi che vi consentono di fornire contenuti rilevanti agli utenti finali, mirando a un pubblico specifico. 
La campagna mirata sarà indirizzata a potenziali clienti i cui interessi risultino uguali o simili a quelli dei clienti esistenti del Marchio, sulla base dei segmenti che raccogliamo e analizziamo ("Insight").
Utilizziamo tali Insight per campagne mirate per conto del Marchio, nell'ambito dei servizi forniti attraverso il Marketplace. 
Trattiamo questi dati per conto del Marchio in qualità di Responsabile del trattamento (come definito dal RGPD) e in base alle istruzioni del Marchio. 
Prenotazione di una demo nel caso in cui decidiate di prenotare una demo gratuita, vi verrà richiesto di fornirci il vostro nome completo, il numero di telefono e l'indirizzo e-mail aziendale.
Utilizzeremo questi dati per fornirvi le informazioni o i servizi che avete richiesto.
Il trattamento di tali informazioni si basa sul nostro legittimo interesse. 
Utilizziamo queste informazioni per elaborare i pagamenti. 
Possiamo utilizzare servizi e piattaforme di terze parti per elaborare i Dati di pagamento, come Adyen, Stripe, Braintre e Paypal, o tramite IAP in cui Google Play o Apple Store gestiscono tali pagamenti. Di conseguenza, qualsiasi transazione elaborata dalle piattaforme di terze parti sarà disciplinata dalla rispettiva informativa sulla privacy e dai rispettivi termini, che vi consigliamo di consultare.
Necessità contrattuale 
TABELLA D: INTERAZIONE DI PROSPECT E INDIVIDUI CON IL NOSTRO SITO WEB, ANNUNCI O RISORSE DIGITALI 
SET DI DATI
FINALITÀ E OPERAZIONI
BASE GIURIDICA 
Identificatori online e Dati di utilizzo quando interagite con il nostro sito web, raccogliamo, direttamente o indirettamente, identificatori online e dati di utilizzo (ad esempio, ora e data di accesso, movimento all'interno del sito web, flusso di clic, durata, URL di riferimento, contenuti visualizzati, ecc.).
Trattiamo queste informazioni per migliorare il sito web, identificare errori e bug, nonché per scopi statistici, analitici e di marketing.
I Dati personali raccolti per l'operatività del sito web, attraverso i cookie di prima parte, si basano sul nostro legittimo interesse a consentire l'operatività del sito web e dei servizi. 
A seconda della vostra giurisdizione, i cookie di terze parti potranno trattare i Dati personali solo se avete prestato il consenso attraverso l'informativa sui cookie e lo strumento di gestione del consenso utilizzato sul sito web. 
Potete revocare il consenso in qualsiasi momento utilizzando le impostazioni di preferenza dei cookie. 
Pubblicità.
Quando commercializziamo i servizi, utilizziamo fornitori o strumenti di terze parti per gestire le campagne pubblicitarie. Attraverso questi strumenti, raccogliamo informazioni quali il percorso dell'individuo, quando ha cliccato sul nostro annuncio e se ha installato, sottoscritto o utilizzato la campagna o l'app. 
Per eseguire, facilitare e ottimizzare le nostre campagne di marketing, la gestione degli annunci e le operazioni di vendita, nonché per gestire e fornire in modo più efficace annunci pubblicitari per i nostri prodotti e servizi, anche su altri siti web e applicazioni. 
Il trattamento si basa sul vostro consenso tramite autorizzazione in-app o il banner dei cookie, a seconda dei casi. 
Informazioni di contatto se ci contattate volontariamente tramite chat, e-mail o altri mezzi, o se compilate un sondaggio o fornite un feedback, vi sarà richiesto di fornirci alcune informazioni come il vostro nome, l'indirizzo e-mail e qualsiasi altra informazione aggiuntiva che decidiate di condividere con noi.
Informazioni di contatto se ci contattate per conto di un'altra persona, apprezziamo la vostra attenzione e il vostro interesse per gli altri ma tenete presente che è vostra responsabilità assicurarvi che la persona di cui fornite i Dati personali sia a conoscenza dei principi della presente informativa e accetti di comunicarci i Dati personali su queste basi.
Trattiamo le informazioni per rispondere alla vostra richiesta. Possiamo anche trattare le informazioni contenute nella corrispondenza per migliorare i nostri servizi di vendita o di assistenza clienti.
Il trattamento delle informazioni si basa sul nostro legittimo interesse a rispondere alla vostra richiesta. Potremmo conservare tale corrispondenza ove prescritto dalla legge. 
Registrazioni delle telefonate quando contattiamo i nostri Prospect, potremmo registrare le chiamate ("Registrazioni delle telefonate").
Utilizziamo tali Registrazioni delle telefonate per gestire, misurare e migliorare i nostri sforzi di vendita e potenziare i nostri Servizi. 
Il trattamento delle Registrazioni delle telefonate si basa sul vostro consenso, che sarà richiesto all'inizio della conversazione. 
Iscrizione alla newsletter nel caso in cui vi iscriviate alla nostra newsletter, agli aggiornamenti del blog o ad altri materiali di marketing, vi verrà richiesto di fornire i vostri dati di contatto, come il vostro indirizzo e-mail.
Utilizzeremo la vostra e-mail per inviarvi la nostra newsletter e altro materiale di marketing. 
Il trattamento di tali informazioni di contatto si basa sul vostro consenso. Potete revocare il consenso in qualsiasi momento tramite il link "annulla l'iscrizione" all'interno dell'e-mail o contattandoci direttamente. 
Si noti che l'effettiva operazione di trattamento può differire per ognuna delle finalità d'uso e basi giuridiche descritte nella tabella precedente. Tali operazioni di trattamento comprendono solitamente una serie di operazioni effettuate con mezzi automatizzati, quali la raccolta, la conservazione, l'utilizzo, la comunicazione mediante trasmissione, la cancellazione o la distruzione. Il trasferimento di dati personali a paesi terzi, come meglio descritto nella sezione Trasferimento internazionale dei dati, è legittimato dalle stesse basi giuridiche riportate nella tabella precedente. 
Inoltre, possiamo utilizzare alcuni Dati personali per prevenire attività potenzialmente vietate o illecite, frodi, appropriazioni indebite, violazioni, furti d'identità e qualsiasi altro uso improprio dei Servizi e per far rispettare i Termini, nonché per proteggere la sicurezza o l'integrità dei nostri database e dei Servizi e per cautelarci da responsabilità legali. Tale trattamento si basa sul nostro legittimo interesse. 
Possiamo raccogliere diverse categorie di Dati personali e Dati non personali dall'utente, a seconda della natura della sua interazione con i Servizi forniti attraverso il sito web, le App, i Servizi web e il Marketplace Popular Pays, come sopra specificato. Se abbiniamo Dati personali a Dati non personali, le informazioni abbinate saranno trattate come Dati personali o comunque fintanto che rimarranno abbinate. 
MODALITÀ DI RACCOLTA DEI DATI a seconda della natura della vostra interazione con noi, possiamo raccogliere le informazioni dettagliate di cui sopra, come segue, Automaticamente, quando visitate il nostro sito web o interagite con i nostri servizi, anche attraverso l'uso di cookie (come specificato di seguito) e tecnologie di tracciamento simili.
MODALITÀ DI RACCOLTA DEI DATI a seconda della natura della vostra interazione con noi, possiamo raccogliere le informazioni dettagliate di cui sopra, come segue, Quando decidete volontariamente di fornirci informazioni, ad esempio quando ci contattate o richiedete una demo, come descritto nella presente Informativa.
MODALITÀ DI RACCOLTA DEI DATI a seconda della natura della vostra interazione con noi, possiamo raccogliere le informazioni dettagliate di cui sopra, come segue, Dai nostri fornitori di servizi terzi che raccolgono dati personali per nostro conto, come ad esempio i fornitori di servizi di analisi.
COOKIE E TECNOLOGIE SIMILI possiamo utilizzare cookie, pixel di tracciamento (noti anche come clear GIF e web beacon), kit di sviluppo software di terze parti, come specificato nella precedente Tabella A, e altre tecnologie al fine di gestire, fornire e migliorare il nostro sito web, la nostra piattaforma online e i suoi servizi o le nostre App. Utilizziamo i cookie per varie finalità Preferenze: questo tipo di cookie ci aiuta a garantire la sicurezza e la gestione dei nostri servizi e ricorda le vostre preferenze in modo che non dobbiate reimpostarle in occasione di ogni visita.
COOKIE E TECNOLOGIE SIMILI possiamo utilizzare cookie, pixel di tracciamento (noti anche come clear GIF e web beacon), kit di sviluppo software di terze parti, come specificato nella precedente Tabella A, e altre tecnologie al fine di gestire, fornire e migliorare il nostro sito web, la nostra piattaforma online e i suoi servizi o le nostre App. Utilizziamo i cookie per varie finalità Cookie statistici: questi strumenti sono utilizzati per scopi analitici, per comprendere meglio l'utilizzo dei servizi, delle App e dei siti web.
COOKIE E TECNOLOGIE SIMILI possiamo utilizzare cookie, pixel di tracciamento (noti anche come clear GIF e web beacon), kit di sviluppo software di terze parti, come specificato nella precedente Tabella A, e altre tecnologie al fine di gestire, fornire e migliorare il nostro sito web, la nostra piattaforma online e i suoi servizi o le nostre App. Utilizziamo i cookie per varie finalità Cookie di registrazione: quando vi registrate ed effettuate l'accesso, generiamo dei cookie che ci permettono di sapere se siete registrati o meno.
COOKIE E TECNOLOGIE SIMILI possiamo utilizzare cookie, pixel di tracciamento (noti anche come clear GIF e web beacon), kit di sviluppo software di terze parti, come specificato nella precedente Tabella A, e altre tecnologie al fine di gestire, fornire e migliorare il nostro sito web, la nostra piattaforma online e i suoi servizi o le nostre App. Utilizziamo i cookie per varie finalità Cookie di marketing: questi cookie ci permettono di sapere se avete visualizzato o meno un annuncio o un tipo di annuncio, come avete interagito con tale annuncio e quanto tempo è trascorso da quando lo avete visualizzato. Utilizziamo i cookie anche per aiutarci con la pubblicità mirata. Potremmo collaborare con reti pubblicitarie e altri fornitori di servizi pubblicitari che pubblicano annunci per conto nostro e di altri su piattaforme non affiliate. Alcuni di questi annunci possono essere personalizzati, vale a dire che sono destinati a essere rilevanti per l'utente in base alle informazioni che le reti pubblicitarie e i fornitori di servizi pubblicitari raccolgono sull'utilizzo del nostro sito web e di altri siti o app nel corso del tempo, comprese le informazioni sulle relazioni tra diversi browser e dispositivi. Questo tipo di pubblicità è noto come pubblicità basata sugli interessi.
Per ulteriori informazioni sui cookie utilizzati, consultare la nostra Informativa sui cookie. 
CONDIVISIONE DEI DATI, CATEGORIE DI DESTINATARI CON CUI CONDIVIDIAMO I DATI PERSONALI condividiamo i vostri dati con terze parti, compresi i nostri partner o fornitori di servizi che ci aiutano a fornire i nostri Servizi. Qui potete trovare informazioni sulle categorie di tali destinatari terzi.
CATEGORIA DI DESTINATARI
DATI CHE POSSONO ESSERE CONDIVISI
FINALITÀ DELLA CONDIVISIONE 
Fornitori di servizi essenziali, che trattano i dati per nostro conto, allo scopo di fornire i servizi, garantire e migliorare i servizi. 
Tutti i dati, ad eccezione di quelli memorizzati localmente sul vostro dispositivo.
Possiamo comunicare i Dati personali ai nostri fornitori di servizi di fiducia che mettono a disposizione tecnologie o piattaforme essenziali per la fornitura dei Servizi ("Fornitori di servizi essenziali"). Tra questi Fornitori di servizi essenziali figurano servizi di hosting e di co-locazione di server, reti di comunicazione e di distribuzione di contenuti (CDN), provider di servizi Internet, sistemi e piattaforme operative, servizi di sicurezza informatica e dei dati, servizi di rilevamento delle frodi, servizi di fatturazione e di elaborazione dei pagamenti, servizi di spedizione e movimentazione, servizi di registrazione delle sessioni o delle attività, sistemi di assistenza e di gestione delle relazioni con i clienti. I Fornitori di servizi essenziali effettuano l'accesso e il trattamento per nostro conto. Ai fornitori di servizi essenziali è vietato utilizzare le vostre informazioni personali per finalità diverse dalla fornitura dei servizi richiesti. 
Fornitori di servizi di marketing 
Dati sul comportamento, Dati di utilizzo, Identificatori online, Dati dell'account e dati di profilazione.
I nostri fornitori di servizi di marketing, che trattano per nostro conto alcuni dati che utilizziamo per indirizzarvi ai nostri Servizi e per offrirveli, o che ci forniscono gli strumenti per farlo ("Fornitori di servizi di marketing"). 
Consulenti
Dati dell'account e di registrazione, informazioni di contatto e qualsiasi altro dato, ad eccezione dei dati memorizzati localmente sul vostro dispositivo. 
I nostri consulenti legali, finanziari e di conformità ("Consulenti") possono essere esposti a determinati Dati personali. I consulenti sono vincolati da obblighi di riservatezza o da accordi di confidenzialità e non possono condividere alcun dato personale se non per fornire i servizi da noi richiesti. 
Piattaforme di terze parti
Dati di registrazione, Creazioni e attività del Marketplace Popular Pays. 
I nostri servizi possono includere link a siti web di terze parti e integrazioni con servizi di terze parti. Tali siti web e servizi di terze parti, e qualsiasi informazione da voi elaborata, inviata, trasmessa, memorizzata o altrimenti utilizzata con tali siti web e servizi di terze parti, esulano dall'ambito di applicazione dei termini d'uso e dell'Informativa sulla privacy di Lightricks e saranno pertanto disciplinati dai termini e dalle pratiche e informative sulla privacy di tali terze parti, e non dalla presente Informativa sulla privacy. Inoltre, se i Servizi sono integrati in un servizio di terze parti, l'API che esegue l'integrazione consentirà alle terze parti interessate di inviarvi determinati contenuti e di accedere ad alcuni dei vostri contenuti. Ad esempio, se desiderate caricare o condividere in altro modo i vostri contenuti su un servizio integrato di terze parti, come Instagram o TikTok, o utilizzare determinate funzionalità di tali servizi, l'API consentirà alle terze parti applicabili di accedere ai vostri contenuti (come ad esempio la vostra libreria di foto). 
Altri utenti
Creazioni, nome, informazioni di contatto. 
Data la natura delle App e della funzione Feed di Lightricks, alcuni Dati personali disponibili nelle App sono visibili agli altri utenti di Lightricks in quell'App, ad esempio il vostro nome utente, i like e i commenti su altri contenuti. Non condivideremo mai le vostre foto o i vostri video con altri utenti, a meno che non scegliate attivamente di farlo. 
Società controllate e affiliate
Tutti i dati, ad eccezione di quelli memorizzati localmente sul vostro dispositivo.
Possiamo condividere i Dati personali all'interno del nostro gruppo o nel caso di un'operazione aziendale (ad esempio, vendita di una parte sostanziale della nostra azienda, fusione, consolidamento o vendita di attività). In tal caso, le nostre società affiliate o la società acquirente rileveranno i diritti e gli obblighi descritti nella presente Informativa. 
Terze parti, autorità, fornitori di servizi di sicurezza, agenzie governative o terze parti autorizzate.
Tutti i dati, ad eccezione di quelli memorizzati localmente sul vostro dispositivo, a seconda della finalità e delle esigenze. 
Per proteggere i diritti e la sicurezza dei nostri servizi e delle nostre App, possiamo condividere i Dati personali con altri se riteniamo in buona fede che ciò contribuisca a tutelare i diritti, la proprietà o la sicurezza personale di utenti o individui, o di qualsiasi altro membro del pubblico in generale. Rientrano in questa fattispecie le finalità di natura giudiziaria e di applicazione della legge, vale a dire in risposta a una richiesta verificata relativa ad atti di terrorismo, indagini penali o presunte attività illecite o qualsiasi altra attività che possa esporre noi, voi o qualsiasi altro utente a responsabilità legali, ed esclusivamente nella misura necessaria per ottemperare a tali finalità. Tale divulgazione o accesso può avvenire se riteniamo in buona fede che: siamo obbligati per legge a farlo; la divulgazione è opportuna in relazione alle iniziative di indagine, prevenzione o azione riguardanti attività illegali effettive o sospette, frodi o altri illeciti; o tale divulgazione è necessaria per tutelare il nostro legittimo interesse commerciale, compresa la sicurezza o l'integrità dei nostri servizi. 
Quando condividiamo le informazioni con fornitori di servizi e partner, ci assicuriamo che essi abbiano accesso solo alle informazioni strettamente necessarie per la fornitura dei servizi. Queste parti sono tenute a proteggere i dati che ricevono e a utilizzarli solo per scopi prestabiliti, assicurando il rispetto di tutte le normative applicabili in materia di protezione dei dati (tali fornitori di servizi possono utilizzare altri Dati non personali a proprio beneficio).
DIRITTI DELL'UTENTE sappiamo che ogni persona ha preferenze e timori diversi in materia di privacy. Il nostro obiettivo è quello di chiarire quali sono le informazioni che raccogliamo, in modo che possiate fare scelte consapevoli sul loro utilizzo. Vi consentiamo di esercitare determinate scelte, diritti e controlli in relazione ai vostri dati. A seconda del vostro rapporto con noi, della giurisdizione in cui risiedete e delle leggi sulla protezione dei dati a voi applicabili, avete il diritto di controllare e richiedere che vengano messi in atto determinate limitazioni o diritti.
Per i residenti in California, Virginia e Colorado, consultare la nostra Informativa sulla privacy CCPA. 
Per informazioni dettagliate sui vostri diritti e su come esercitarli, consultare il Modulo di richiesta dell'interessato ("DSR") disponibile qui e inviarlo al nostro DPO: dpo@lightricks.com. 
Inoltre, alcuni diritti sono esercitabili all'interno dell'App: potete rettificare, modificare e cancellare i dati in qualsiasi momento dalle impostazioni dell'App, potete revocare facilmente il consenso prestato e potete rinunciare a determinate funzioni e al tracciamento, pertanto vi consigliamo di utilizzare le soluzioni tecniche che abbiamo messo a vostra disposizione per esercitare tali diritti.
Infine, potete rinunciare agli annunci pubblicitari basati sugli interessi attraverso le impostazioni del dispositivo o tramite la pagina web della Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). NAI consumer opt-out e la pagina web della Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), DAA opt-out.
CONSERVAZIONE DEI DATI in generale, a meno che non sia previsto un periodo di conservazione diverso, conserviamo i Dati personali raccolti per tutto il tempo necessario per il conseguimento delle finalità di cui sopra, se consentito dalla legge o dalle normative o finché non esprimiate la vostra preferenza per l'opt-out, ove applicabile.
Altre circostanze in cui potremmo conservare i vostri Dati personali per periodi di tempo più lunghi, se consentito da leggi o normative, includono: se siamo tenuti a farlo in ottemperanza a requisiti legali, normativi, fiscali o contabili, o per tenere una registrazione puntuale dei vostri rapporti con noi in caso di reclami o contestazioni, o se riteniamo ragionevolmente possibile un contenzioso relativo ai vostri Dati personali.
Si noti che, salvo nei casi previsti dalla legge o da accordi specifici con voi, non siamo obbligati a conservare i vostri Dati personali per un periodo particolare e siamo liberi di cancellarli in modo sicuro o di limitarne l'accesso per qualsiasi motivo e in qualsiasi momento, con o senza preavviso. Per qualsiasi domanda sulla nostra politica di conservazione dei dati, è possibile contattarci via e-mail all'indirizzo: dpo@lightricks.com. 
MISURE DI SICUREZZA implementiamo misure tecniche, organizzative e di sicurezza adeguate e conformi agli standard del settore per ridurre i rischi di danneggiamento (o perdita) delle informazioni o di accesso o utilizzo non autorizzato delle stesse. Tuttavia, tali misure non garantiscono la sicurezza assoluta delle informazioni. Pertanto, sebbene ci adoperiamo per proteggere i vostri Dati personali, non vi sono garanzie e non potete aspettarvi che i servizi siano immuni da rischi o attacchi alla sicurezza delle informazioni. Inoltre, poiché la sicurezza delle informazioni dipende in parte dalla sicurezza del computer, del dispositivo o della rete che utilizzate per comunicare con noi, la sicurezza dei vostri Dati personali dipende anche da voi. Assicuratevi di adottare misure adeguate, di utilizzare reti e dispositivi protetti e di proteggere le vostre credenziali di accesso.
Vi invitiamo a contattarci all'indirizzo dpo@lightricks.com se ritenete che la vostra privacy non sia stata gestita in modo corretto, con modalità non conformi alla nostra Informativa sulla privacy, o se venite a conoscenza del tentativo di terzi di ottenere un accesso non autorizzato ai vostri Dati personali. Compiremo ogni ragionevole sforzo per informare voi e le autorità competenti (se richiesto dalla legge applicabile) nel caso in cui dovessimo scoprire un incidente di sicurezza relativo ai vostri Dati personali. 
TRASFERIMENTO INTERNAZIONALE DEI DATI i nostri server di dati in cui ospitiamo e memorizziamo le informazioni sono situati in tutto il mondo, compresi gli Stati Uniti e l'Unione Europea. La sede centrale si trova in Israele, dove possiamo accedere alle informazioni memorizzate su server locali, server di cloud-hosting o altri sistemi e piattaforme utilizzati. Nel caso in cui dovessimo trasferire i vostri Dati personali al di fuori della vostra giurisdizione, adotteremo misure opportune per garantire che i vostri Dati personali ricevano un livello di protezione adeguato, come richiesto dalla legge applicabile. Inoltre, quando i Dati personali raccolti all'interno dello Spazio economico europeo ("SEE"), del Regno Unito o della Svizzera vengono trasferiti al di fuori di tali giurisdizioni, in un paese che non è stato oggetto di una decisione di adeguatezza da parte della Commissione europea o dell'ICO, adotteremo le misure necessarie per garantire che vengano fornite garanzie sufficienti durante il trasferimento di tali Dati personali, in conformità con le disposizioni delle Clausole contrattuali standard dell'UE, del Regno Unito o della Svizzera. Pertanto, otterremo impegni contrattuali o garanzie da parte dell'importatore di dati in merito alla protezione dei vostri dati personali, avvalendoci delle tutele contrattuali che le autorità di regolamentazione hanno preventivamente approvato per garantire la protezione dei vostri dati.
AMMISSIBILITÀ E PRIVACY DEI MINORI i servizi non sono destinati all'uso da parte di minori (per "minore" si intende un individuo di età inferiore a quella individuata dalla legge applicabile, che per quanto riguarda il SEE è inferiore a 16 anni e per quanto riguarda gli Stati Uniti è inferiore a 13 anni) e non trattiamo consapevolmente le informazioni dei minori. Elimineremo qualsiasi informazione ricevuta da un utente considerato "minore" immediatamente dopo aver scoperto che tale utente ha condiviso informazioni con noi. È possibile contattarci all'indirizzo: dpo@lightricks.com se si ha motivo di credere che un minore abbia condiviso informazioni con noi.
SPECIFICHE.
Brasile: Abbiamo creato questa sezione appositamente per gli utenti del Brasile. Gli utenti brasiliani godono di determinati diritti alla privacy, come previsto dalla legge brasiliana, tra cui la Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais ("LGPD"). La nostra Informativa sulla privacy e i controlli sulla privacy che offriamo a tutti gli utenti sono in linea con queste leggi; la presente informativa assicura la conformità ai requisiti specifici del Brasile. Ad esempio, tutti gli utenti possono richiedere una copia dei propri dati, chiederne la cancellazione e controllare le proprie impostazioni sulla privacy nell'app.
Le informazioni sul Titolare del trattamento sono disponibili nella Sezione 2. 
Le basi giuridiche ai sensi della LGPD sono costituite dal contratto (adempimento degli obblighi del contratto stipulato), dal legittimo interesse (abbiamo il diritto, il legittimo interesse, di farlo), dal consenso (abbiamo chiesto la vostra autorizzazione) e dagli obblighi legali. Le tabelle della Sezione 4 illustrano in dettaglio la base giuridica del trattamento di ciascun set di dati. 
USA: consultare la nostra Informativa CCPA per le specifiche di California, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado e Connecticut. 
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD DE LIGHTRICKS
[Última modificación: 17 de agosto de 2023[
Lightricks Ltd., incluidas nuestras subsidiarias y filiales (conjuntamente, «Lightricks», «nosotros», «nuestro(a) s» o «nos»), realiza grandes esfuerzos para garantizar que los datos personales que tratamos se almacenen de forma segura y se utilicen adecuadamente, y que nuestras prácticas relacionadas con el tratamiento de datos se comuniquen con precisión a nuestros usuarios y posibles usuarios.
Lightricks es pionera en tecnologías innovadoras que tienden puentes entre la imaginación y la creación. Las herramientas de edición de fotos y vídeos de Lightricks ofrecen incontables posibilidades e inspiración, proporcionando a los particulares, creadores de contenidos o influencers la posibilidad de rentabilizar su trabajo y ofrecer a las marcas oportunidades para escalar su contenido a través de asociaciones de creadores a medida. Lightricks es una empresa global que ofrece estos servicios, aplicaciones y tecnología en todo el mundo. 
En la presente Política de privacidad («Política» o «Política de privacidad») se describe cómo recopilamos, almacenamos, utilizamos y divulgamos la información mientras se utiliza cualquiera de los servicios, tecnologías y aplicaciones que se detallan en ella. Hemos tratado de detallar estos procesos de una manera sencilla y amigable; sin embargo, como Lightricks ofrece varias aplicaciones móviles y web (cada una de ellas una «Aplicación»), características y feeds («Feed de Lightricks»), así como un mercado en línea («Mercado de Popular Pays») que conecta marcas y agencias («Marcas») y personas físicas, creadores de contenido, influencers («Creador(es)»), todos los cuales procesan su información de manera diferente, le animamos a leer atentamente y ponerse en contacto con nosotros si tiene otras preguntas. 
Esta Política es aplicable a (conjuntamente y por separado, a quien no referiremos como «usted» o «su»): posibles clientes y visitantes que navegan por nuestros sitios web, páginas de inicio, que participan en anuncios y campañas de promoción de nuestros servicios, blogs u otros formularios web («Posible cliente» o «Visitante»); usuarios que instalan y utilizan nuestras Aplicaciones; iii) Marcas y Creadores que utilizan el mercado de Popular Pays; y iv) cualquier persona que utilice nuestros servicios. 
En el caso de que usted resida en Colorado, Virginia o California, por favor revise nuestro Aviso de Privacidad CCPA («Aviso CCPA») además de esta Política de privacidad. 
Usted no está obligado, en ningún momento, a facilitarnos datos personales o información de carácter personal. 
ACTUALIZACIONES Y MODIFICACIONES es posible que actualicemos y modifiquemos cuando sea necesario la presente Política, a nuestra entera discreción. La versión más reciente de la Política estará siempre accesible desde el sitio web o las Aplicaciones. La fecha actualizada de la Política se mostrará en el encabezado «Última modificación». En caso de que se produzca un cambio sustancial, o si así lo exige la ley, proporcionaremos un aviso que refleje estos cambios. Cualquier modificación de la Política entrará en vigor en los 30 días siguientes a la publicación de la Política modificada. Le recomendamos que consulte esta Política periódicamente para cerciorarse de que comprende nuestras prácticas de privacidad más actualizadas.
INFORMACIÓN DE CONTACTO Y FUNCIONES lightricks Ltd. está constituida de conformidad con las leyes del estado de Israel y, salvo indicación explícita en contrario en la tabla a continuación, es el Responsable del tratamiento de los Datos personales (según se define este término en el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos «RGPD» o en una legislación en materia de privacidad equivalente).
Para cualquier pregunta, consulta o duda relacionada con esta Política de privacidad o con el tratamiento de sus Datos personales, puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros de la siguiente manera información de contacto del Representante de Protección de Datos (RPD): dpo@lightricks.com
Por correo postal lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalén, Israel, 9190401
Representante de los interesados en la UE y el Reino Unido: Información de contacto hemos designado representantes en Alemania y en el RU para asuntos de protección de datos relativos a interesados de la UE o del RU.
Las consultas relativas a nuestras prácticas de privacidad en la UE pueden enviarse a nuestro Representante de Protección de Datos («RPD») de la siguiente manera información de contacto del RPD: dpr@lightricks.com
Por correo postal lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Alemania.
Las consultas relativas a nuestras prácticas de privacidad en el RU pueden enviarse a nuestro RPD en el RU de la siguiente manera información de contacto del RPD en el RU: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
Por correo postal lightricks (RU),
Número de registro ICO: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, Inglaterra, NW6 3QT Reino Unido.
TIPO DE CONJUNTOS DE DATOS TRATADOS 
Durante el uso que usted haga o la interacción que tenga con los servicios, recopilamos información agregada, no personal y no identificable («Datos no personales»). Los Datos no personales recopilados incluyen información de uso agregada, información anónima e información técnica, por ejemplo: tipo de navegador o dispositivo, preferencia de idioma, sello de fecha y hora, etc. 
Además, recopilamos información que identifica a una persona física o que, con un esfuerzo razonable, puede utilizarse para identificar a una persona («Datos personales»). Los tipos de datos personales que recopilamos, así como la finalidad del tratamiento de estos, se especifican en el cuadro siguiente. Para evitar dudas, cualquier Dato no personal conectado o vinculado a cualquier Dato personal se considerará Dato personal siempre que exista dicha conexión o vinculación.
Podemos tratar datos demográficos y determinados criterios de elaboración de perfiles, que se deducen de los conjuntos de datos enumerados a continuación; por ejemplo, a partir de sus fotografías podemos determinar su género y su edad. 
FINALIDAD, FUNDAMENTO JURÍDICO Y OPERACIONES DE TRATAMIENTO
A continuación detallamos, para cada activo y servicios, los Datos personales tratados, la finalidad y el funcionamiento, así como la base jurídica de dicho tratamiento. A continuación hay cuatro tablas, en la Tabla A se detallan los Datos personales tratados durante el uso de nuestras Aplicaciones; en la Tabla B se detallan los Datos personales utilizados para el desarrollo, el aprendizaje automático de IA, o utilizados de otro modo para fines internos; en la Tabla C se detallan los Datos personales tratados cuando se utiliza el Mercado de Popular Pays; y en la Tabla D se detallan los Datos personales tratados cuando usted interactúa con nuestro sitio web, nuestros anuncios, o de alguna otra forma. 
TABLA A: APLICACIÓN 
CONJUNTO DE DATOS
FINALIDAD Y OPERACIONES
FUNDAMENTO JURÍDICO 
Datos de la cuenta tras instalar la aplicación, se conectará y creará su cuenta (para los usuarios de iOS, la creación de una cuenta es opcional).
Puede iniciar sesión con su cuenta de Apple, Facebook o Google, o bien introduciendo su dirección de correo electrónico y eligiendo una contraseña. 
Si inicia sesión a través de Facebook, Google o Apple, recibiremos información relacionada con dicha cuenta (en función de la configuración de privacidad que haya elegido), como su nombre, foto de perfil, lista de amigos, datos demográficos y ubicación. 
Utilizamos los Datos de la cuenta para crear una cuenta que autentique su identidad. Si utiliza varias Aplicaciones y ha iniciado sesión, podremos identificarle en esas distintas Aplicaciones y compartir la información procesada en cada una de ellas. Además, le enviaremos facturas, materiales y contenidos, incluidos materiales de mercadotecnia, a través de la dirección de correo electrónico que indicó durante su registro («Mercadotecnia directa»).
Tratamiento de los Datos de la Cuenta necesario para la ejecución de un contrato.
El tratamiento con fines de mercadotecnia directa está sujeto a nuestros legítimos intereses; puede darse de baja en cualquier momento cancelando su suscripción. Tenga en cuenta que, aunque cancele su suscripción, se seguirán enviando algunos correos electrónicos operativos. 
Identificadores en línea y datos de uso cuando usted utiliza las Aplicaciones, nosotros, o nuestros socios terceros, le identificamos a través de Identificadores en línea. Los «Identificadores en línea» son identificadores únicos, incluidos IDFA o AAID, dirección IP, ID de dispositivo, ID de cookie, agente, etc.
Además, tratamos, directa o indirectamente a través de nuestros socios terceros, datos de uso, que pueden o no estar asociados a los Identificadores en línea. Cuando se asocien a un Identificador en línea, se tratarán como Datos personales; de lo contrario, si los datos de uso se agregan, anonimizan o desidentifican, no se considerarán Datos personales. 
Los datos de uso incluyen información relativa a su interacción con la Aplicación, funciones utilizadas, duración del uso, datos de flujo de clics, errores ocurridos, así como su interacción con los contenidos o anuncios mostrados, registros de publicidad y contenidos mostrados en las páginas o pantallas de Aplicaciones que se le muestran, y cualquier interacción que haya podido tener con dichos contenidos o dicha publicidad (conjuntamente, «Datos de uso»). 
Los Identificadores en línea y los Datos de uso se utilizan con fines analíticos y operativos, para corregir errores y fallos, ajustar las preferencias de idioma, si procede, con el fin de permitirle utilizar la aplicación y proporcionarle sus funcionalidades. 
Algunas de las Aplicaciones muestran además anuncios basados en intereses u otras promociones y mercadotecnia que se basan en los Datos de uso. 
Cuando el tratamiento sea con fines de mercadotecnia o seguimiento, trataremos los Datos personales únicamente con su consentimiento. 
Cuando el tratamiento de Datos personales sea para operaciones y para proporcionar las funcionalidades de las Aplicaciones, el fundamento jurídico sería la necesidad según el contrato. 
Por último, los Datos personales pueden ser tratados en nuestro legítimo interés de comprender cómo se utilizan nuestros servicios, corregir errores y mejorar la experiencia, incluida la personalización de ofertas y promociones. 
Imágenes, fotos y vídeos para habilitar los servicios, deberá proporcionarnos acceso a su galería de fotos o cargar fotos de su galería. Las imágenes, fotos y vídeos se procesan en su dispositivo para determinar la ubicación estimada de partes de la cara (como los ojos, la nariz o la boca) y puntos de la cara y los ojos, que se aplican a un modelo genérico de una cara que se utiliza para ayudarle a editar imágenes y vídeos en tiempo real («Datos faciales»).
Asimismo, recopilamos datos demográficos tratados en dispositivos iOS, como la edad y el género, a partir de sus imágenes, fotos y vídeos.
Cuando se utilizan fotos e imágenes para crear ilustraciones o añadir efectos a sus creaciones, la imagen seleccionada se carga en la Nube de Lightricks. Ningún dato se procesa por estos efectos ni se utiliza para identificarle, y ningún dato se almacena en la Nube de Lightricks excepto la imagen original y la imagen de salida, que se eliminan en un plazo de 30 días a menos que usted solicite lo contrario.
Tratamos los datos para permitir el uso de las funciones disponibles en las Aplicaciones, incluida la posibilidad de editar sus imágenes, vídeos y archivos multimedia. 
Trataremos los datos demográficos para comercializar ofertas personalizadas de Lightricks. No utilizamos sus fotos, vídeos o datos faciales reales con fines de mercadotecnia y esta información no se comparte con terceros. 
Los Datos faciales se procesan en su dispositivo. No recopilamos ni almacenamos Datos faciales en nuestros servidores ni los compartimos con terceros. 
Tratamos las imágenes, vídeos y fotos, incluidos los Datos faciales, con el fin de prestar los servicios y cumplir nuestras obligaciones contractuales con usted. 
Si decide almacenar proyectos que utilicen Datos faciales, los datos se almacenarán en su dispositivo hasta que elimine el proyecto, el proyecto se elimine automáticamente debido a los límites de almacenamiento o usted elimine la aplicación.
Si concede acceso a su galería de fotos, puede revocar el permiso en cualquier momento. 
Herramientas de IA y avatares algunas aplicaciones incluyen tecnología de inteligencia artificial («IA») para editar imágenes, fotos y vídeos, para crear avatares mágicos personalizados («Avatares»), movimientos y efectos, estilos artísticos, texto a imagen, etc. (conjuntamente «Salidas»).
Para ello, procesaremos las imágenes y vídeos originales cargados («Entradas») en la Nube de Lightricks. Nuestra tecnología de IA utiliza la detección facial para determinar la postura, la ubicación y otras características no identificativas de los rostros que aparecen en el encuadre, y puede tratar Datos personales no relativos al usuario como se describe de manera más detallada en la siguiente sección. 
Las Salidas se suelen almacenar en su dispositivo y no tenemos acceso a ellas ni control sobre ellas; sin embargo, sus Avatares comprados se almacenan en la Nube de Lightricks de forma que permanecen accesibles para usted a través de la Aplicación, en cualquier momento, y desde cualquier dispositivo, hasta que decida eliminarlos. 
Utilizamos los datos cargados en la Nube de Lightricks, es decir, la Entrada y la Salida, con el fin de prestar los Servicios y generar la Salida. 
Para crear Avatares, tratamos 10-25 imágenes, como Entradas con el fin de prestar los Servicios y cumplir nuestras obligaciones contractuales con usted. Actualmente utilizamos el modelo de red neuronal Stable Difusion que permite a los usuarios generar avatares personalizados. 
Las Entradas se borran en un plazo de 24 horas, a menos que se haya proporcionado la Entrada para crear el Avatar, en cuyo caso se borrará inmediatamente una vez creado este. 
Datos personales de no usuarios cuando podamos determinar que usted ha compartido con nosotros Datos personales de no usuarios, como las imágenes o vídeos que nos envíe en relación con nuestra función de «avatares de parejas», utilizaremos las imágenes o vídeos para generar el avatar, u otra Salida y eliminaremos de forma permanente las Entradas de la Nube de Lightricks.
Además, puede invitar a sus amigos a utilizar nuestras Aplicaciones. Al hacerlo, se le pedirá que comparta los datos de contacto de sus amigos (como la dirección de correo electrónico o el número de teléfono). 
Procesamos la foto únicamente con el fin de prestar los Servicios; no haremos ningún otro uso de la foto original. 
Trataremos los datos de contacto de sus amigos únicamente con el fin de enviarles una invitación para que utilice(n) los Servicios; no utilizaremos estos datos para ningún otro fin. 
Interés legítimo en prestar los Servicios a nuestro Usuario. 
Asistencia 
Cuando se ponga en contacto con nosotros para solicitar asistencia al cliente, procesaremos su información de contacto. 
Utilizaremos la información de contacto para prestar la asistencia necesaria al cliente. Conservaremos dicha correspondencia durante el tiempo que sea necesario, así como para demostrar que se ha prestado el apoyo. 
Procesamos dicha información para prestar los servicios de asistencia y cumplir con las obligaciones contractuales. 
Encuesta y comentarios es posible que le pidamos que nos dé su opinión sobre nuestros servicios. Si decide atender nuestra solicitud de dicha opinión o participar en nuestra encuesta, recopilaremos su opinión e información de contacto, como su nombre, dirección de correo electrónico, etc.
Utilizamos esta información para mejorar, revisar y perfeccionar nuestro Servicio, así como para optimizar y personalizar los Servicios. 
Procesamos dicha información con su consentimiento. Puede revocar su consentimiento en cualquier momento poniéndose en contacto con nosotros a través de la información de contacto que se indica en este documento.
Detalles de compra determinadas funciones y Servicios están sujetos a pago, ya sea en la Aplicación o mediante suscripción. Los pagos se realizan a través de compras en la aplicación («IAP») mediante servicios de pago de terceros; no obstante, procesamos los datos de las transacciones comerciales, tales como registros de compras y precios, datos de envío (si procede), dirección, teléfono de contacto y dirección de correo electrónico.
Utilizamos esta información para procesar sus pagos. 
Podemos utilizar servicios y plataformas de terceros para procesar los Datos de pago, como Adyen y Paypal, o a través de IAP en las que Google Play o Apple Store regirían dichos pagos. En consecuencia, cualquier transacción que sea procesada por plataformas de terceros se regirá por su propia política y sus propias condiciones de privacidad, que le recomendamos que examine. 
Cumplimiento de nuestro contrato con usted. 
Medios sociales.
Cuando utilice el feed de Lightricks, o comparta sus creaciones en las redes sociales, procesaremos los Datos personales que ponga a nuestra disposición, como fotos de perfil, nombre, dirección de correo electrónico, cuentas de redes sociales, reacciones a las publicaciones del feed («Datos de feed»).
Utilizamos los Datos de feed para prestarle los Servicios de feed de Lightricks y pueda interactuar con medios sociales de terceros.
Procesamos los Datos de feed para la ejecución de un contrato con usted. Tenga en cuenta que es posible que la información que decida hacer pública no pueda eliminarse aunque elimine la Aplicación y la Cuenta. 
Permisos.
En función de la Aplicación que se utilice o de las funciones que desee disfrutar, se le pedirá que nos conceda permisos de acceso como: acceso a la galería de fotos, habilitar herramientas de seguimiento, notificaciones push, acceso a sus cuentas sociales, etc. («Permisos de Aplicación»). 
Utilizaremos estos permisos con el fin de procesar la información necesaria para prestar el Servicio o mejorarlo. 
Para acceder a estos Permisos de Aplicación, deberá habilitarlos activa y explícitamente a través de un permiso en la aplicación o de los ajustes del móvil. Puede deshabilitar los Permisos de Aplicación en cualquier momento; sin embargo, tenga en cuenta que, según el Permiso de Aplicación que deshabilite, una función o todas las funciones podrían no funcionar correctamente. 
Si desea más información sobre los SDK integrados en nuestras aplicaciones, consulte a continuación utilizamos proveedores de servicios de análisis de terceros, como Google Analytics, los servicios Crashlytics y Firebase de Google, y Facebook. Podemos revelar su información a estos proveedores de análisis para que nos ayuden a saber más sobre cómo usted y otras personas utilizan nuestros servicios appsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
Revelaremos la información a terceros proveedores de análisis con fines de mercadotecnia y seguimiento, con fines analíticos y operativos, para corregir errores y fallos, ajustar las preferencias de idioma, si procede, para permitirle utilizar la aplicación y proporcionarle sus funcionalidades. 
Cuando el tratamiento sea con fines de mercadotecnia o seguimiento, trataremos los Datos personales únicamente con su consentimiento. En caso contrario, procesaremos estos SDK según nuestros legítimos intereses. 
TABLA B: APRENDIZAJE AUTOMÁTICO DE IA Y DESARROLLO INTERNO 
CONJUNTO DE DATOS
FINALIDAD Y OPERACIONES
FUNDAMENTO JURÍDICO 
Datos de uso; 
Entradas, incluida la postura, ubicación y otras características no identificativas de los rostros que nuestra tecnología de IA detecte en las Entradas (pero sin incluir Datos faciales, que se definieron anteriormente). 
Utilizaremos los datos para enriquecer el contenido y mejorar las funciones disponibles dentro de los Servicios. 
Utilizaremos esta información para personalizar el servicio que le ofrecemos, adaptar las ofertas a sus intereses y ofrecerle productos, aplicaciones o servicios adicionales de Lightricks que creamos que sean de su agrado. 
Para mejorar la tecnología de IA y ofrecer mejores Servicios, utilizamos partes de la Entrada de forma anonimizada, para entrenar el algoritmo y crear modelos (como modelos de difusión, GAN y otros). Las Entradas no pueden vincularse a usted, identificarse con usted ni utilizarse para identificarle. No utilizaremos la Entrada en su totalidad, sino que procesaremos determinadas copias extraídas de ella. 
No podremos -y no pretendemos- autenticarle o identificarle de forma exclusiva, ni a usted ni a ninguna otra persona, por medio de estos modelos. 
Además, etiquetamos automáticamente determinadas imágenes detectadas en su Entrada, como «perro», «gato» y hombre o mujer, para mejorar el rendimiento de las funciones de IA, como la conversión de texto en imagen y la creación de Avatares, así como con fines de etiquetado de datos para su uso en el aprendizaje automático. Tenga en cuenta que los datos etiquetados no están vinculados a ninguna persona física identificada.
El aprendizaje automático y el etiquetado de datos se procesan según nuestros legítimos intereses de mejorar nuestros Servicios y nuestra tecnología. Nos aseguramos de que la información identificativa, como los identificadores del dispositivo o los identificadores en línea, no se asocie a la información utilizada para el aprendizaje y la formación, incluida la Entrada, lo que significa que la Entrada no puede volver a identificarse con usted ni asociarse a usted.
Salvo lo detallado anteriormente, los modelos utilizados para la formación y el aprendizaje se eliminan en un plazo de 180 días. 
Tenga en cuenta que hacemos todo lo posible por moderar la configuración del modelo de IA para que no incluya ningún contenido inapropiado o perjudicial; sin embargo, usted es exclusivamente responsable de subir imágenes, vídeos y otros contenidos que no sean ilegales, calumniosos, difamatorios, obscenos, pornográficos, indecentes, lascivos, sugerentes, acosadores, amenazadores, invasivos de la privacidad o de los derechos de publicidad, abusivos, incendiarios, fraudulentos o que puedan interpretarse de cualquier otra forma como contenidos perjudiciales. Póngase en contacto con nosotros en dpo@lightricks.com si encuentra algún contenido ofensivo. El uso de las tecnologías de IA también está sujeto a las Condiciones de IA, disponibles en: website_url_lnk 
TABLA C: MERCADO DE POPULAR PAYS 
CONJUNTO DE DATOS
FINALIDAD Y OPERACIONES
FUNDAMENTO JURÍDICO 
Registro.
Cuando la Marca se registre en el Mercado de Popular Pays deberá rellenar la información de contacto de los usuarios autorizados (nombre, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico, sitio web, etc.). 
Tras el registro y la creación de la Cuenta de Marca, la Marca tendrá acceso al panel de control, que incluirá más datos sobre sus campañas, estadísticas y análisis sobre sus campañas, participación de los usuarios, etc. 
Utilizamos esta información para crear una cuenta, llevar a cabo la gestión de la cuenta, permitir su interacción con los Creadores, realizar las campañas de mercadotecnia, prestar asistencia y cualquier Servicio que se solicite. 
Las percepciones derivadas de la campaña se indican de forma analítica agregada. 
El tratamiento es necesario para la ejecución de un contrato. 
Cuentas de Creador el Creador deberá crear una cartera que incluirá su nombre completo, dirección de correo electrónico, edad, género, ubicación, dirección de envío, datos demográficos, información de pago (que incluirá los datos de su cuenta bancaria o su cuenta Apple-Pay/ Google-Pay), su profesión o especializaciones (p. ej., estilo de vida, moda, belleza, planificación de la financiación), preferencias lingüísticas, etc.
Cualquier información de este tipo que ponga a disposición a través de la cartera se considerará «Datos de cartera».
Además, para participar en las campañas, el Creador deberá subir sus creaciones a la cartera, integrar sus cuentas en las redes sociales a través de las cuales las Marcas podrán examinar el trabajo del Creador, su biografía y el tipo de seguidores con los que interactúa. 
Utilizamos los Datos de cartera para crear la cartera, ponerla a disposición de las Marcas para su examen, permitir su interacción con las Marcas, llevar a cabo la gestión de la cuenta, prestar asistencia y cualquier Servicio solicitado. 
Además, utilizaremos el contenido cargado y los Datos de cartera para crear percepciones agregadas sobre su audiencia y contenido (p. ej., género, rango de edad, ubicación geográfica, etc.).
Los Datos de cartera son necesarios para el cumplimiento de nuestras obligaciones contractuales en la prestación de los servicios.
Las percepciones se procesan según nuestros legítimos intereses. 
Las creaciones que usted cargue también pueden incluir Datos personales; sin embargo, nosotros fungimos como Encargado del tratamiento (tal y como se define este término en el RGPD) de dichos Datos personales y alojamos las creaciones en su nombre. 
Datos de uso recopilamos información sobre cómo, cuándo y dónde utiliza el servicio, accede a la Cuenta y a las acciones llevadas a cabo en el Mercado de Popular Pays.
Utilizamos esta información únicamente con el fin de mejorar los Servicios, así como corregir fallos y errores. 
El tratamiento es necesario para la ejecución de un contrato. 
Asistencia al cliente 
Cuando se ponga en contacto con nosotros para solicitar asistencia al cliente, procesaremos su información de contacto. 
Utilizaremos la información de contacto para prestar la asistencia necesaria al cliente. Conservaremos dicha correspondencia durante el tiempo que sea necesario y para demostrar que se ha prestado el apoyo. 
Procesamos dicha información para prestar los servicios de asistencia y cumplir con las obligaciones contractuales. 
Mercadotecnia directa.
Le enviaremos comunicaciones de servicio y promociones de mercadotecnia, como nuevas funciones, ofertas adicionales, oportunidades especiales o cualquier otra información que consideremos útil para usted. 
Utilizaremos esta información para mantenerle al día de las ofertas y contenidos y para las operaciones (facturas, ofertas, etc.). 
Procesamos dicha información según nuestros legítimos intereses. Puede darse de baja en cualquier momento a través del enlace «darse de baja» que figura en el correo electrónico en cualquier momento. 
Campañas.
Como marca, le prestamos servicios que le permiten ofrecer contenidos relevantes a los usuarios finales, al dirigirlos a un público específico. 
La campaña selectiva se dirigirá a posibles clientes que parezcan tener los mismos o similares intereses que los clientes actuales de la Marca, basándonos en los segmentos que recopilamos y analizamos («Percepciones»).
Utilizamos dichas Percepciones para dirigir campañas en nombre de la Marca, como parte de los servicios prestados a través del Mercado. 
Procesamos esto en nombre de la Marca como Encargado del tratamiento (tal y como se define este término en el RGPD) y sujeto a las instrucciones de la Marca. 
Reserva de una demostración en caso de que decida reservar una demostración gratuita, se le pedirá que nos facilite su nombre completo, su número de teléfono y la dirección de correo electrónico de la empresa.
Utilizaremos estos datos para proporcionarle la información o prestarle los servicios que haya solicitado.
Procesamos dicha información según nuestros legítimos intereses. 
Utilizamos esta información para procesar sus pagos. 
Podemos utilizar servicios y plataformas de terceros para procesar los Datos de pago, como Adyen, Stripe, Braintre, y Paypal, o a través de IAP en las que Google Play o Apple Store regirían dichos pagos. En consecuencia, cualquier transacción que sea procesada por plataformas de terceros se regirá por su propia política y condiciones de privacidad, que le recomendamos que examine.
Necesidad de un contrato 
TABLA D: INTERACCIÓN DE POSIBLES CLIENTES Y DE PERSONAS FÍSICAS CON NUESTRO SITIO WEB, ANUNCIOS O ACTIVOS DIGITALES 
CONJUNTO DE DATOS
FINALIDAD Y OPERACIONES
FUNDAMENTO JURÍDICO 
Identificadores en línea y datos de uso cuando usted interactúa con nuestro sitio web, recopilamos, directa o indirectamente, identificadores en línea y datos de uso (es decir, hora y fecha de acceso, duración, movimiento dentro del sitio web, flujo de clics, las URL de referencia, contenido visualizado, etc.).
Procesamos esta información para mejorar el sitio web, identificar errores y fallos, así como con fines estadísticos, analíticos y de mercadotecnia. 
Los Datos personales recogidos para el funcionamiento de la página web, a través de cookies de origen, se basan en nuestros legítimos intereses de habilitar el funcionamiento de la página web y de los servicios. 
Dependiendo de su jurisdicción, las cookies de terceros podrán procesar Datos personales únicamente si usted ha dado su consentimiento a través del aviso sobre cookies y la herramienta de gestión del consentimiento que se utiliza en el sitio web. 
Puede revocar su consentimiento en cualquier momento mediante los ajustes de preferencias de cookies. 
Publicidad.
Cuando comercializamos los servicios, utilizamos proveedores terceros o herramientas de estos para gestionar estas campañas publicitarias. A través de estas herramientas, recopilamos información como el recorrido de las personas, cuándo hicieron clic en nuestro anuncio y si instalaron, se suscribieron o se comprometieron con dicha campaña o aplicación. 
Para realizar, facilitar y optimizar nuestras campañas de mercadotecnia, gestión de anuncios y operaciones de venta, así como para administrar y transmitir anuncios sobre nuestros productos y servicios de manera más eficaz, inclusive en otros sitios web y aplicaciones. 
Sujeto a su consentimiento mediante permiso en la aplicación o banner de cookie, según corresponda. 
Información de contacto si se pone en contacto con nosotros voluntariamente a través del chat, el correo electrónico u otros medios, o si rellena una encuesta, o nos proporciona sus comentarios, se le pedirá que nos facilite determinada información como su nombre, su dirección de correo electrónico y cualquier otra información que decida compartir con nosotros.
Información de contacto si se pone en contacto con nosotros en nombre de otra persona, valoramos su ayuda y su preocupación por los demás, pero tenga en cuenta que es su responsabilidad asegurarse de que cualquier persona cuyos Datos personales nos facilite conozca los principios de esta declaración y acepte que usted nos facilite Datos personales sobre esta base.
Procesamos la información para responder a su consulta. También podemos procesar la información de correspondencia con la finalidad de mejorar nuestros servicios de venta o de atención al cliente.
Procesamos la información según nuestros legítimos intereses para responder a su consulta. Podemos conservar dicha correspondencia si estamos legalmente obligados a ello. 
Grabaciones de llamadas al ponerse en contacto con nuestro Posible cliente, es posible que grabemos las llamadas («Grabaciones de llamadas»).
Utilizamos dichas Grabaciones de llamadas para gestionar, medir y mejorar nuestras labores de venta y mejorar nuestros Servicios. 
Procesamos las Grabaciones de llamadas con su consentimiento, que obtendremos al inicio de nuestra conversación. 
Inscripción al boletín de información en el caso de que se inscriba para recibir nuestro boletín de información, actualizaciones de blog u otros materiales de mercadotecnia, se le pedirá que indique sus datos de contacto, como su dirección de correo electrónico.
Utilizaremos su correo electrónico para enviarle nuestro boletín y otros materiales de mercadotecnia. 
Procesamos dicha información de contacto con su consentimiento. Puede revocar el consentimiento en cualquier momento a través del enlace «darse de baja» que figura en el correo electrónico o poniéndose en contacto con nosotros directamente. 
Tenga en cuenta que la operación de tratamiento concreta para cada finalidad de uso y el fundamento jurídico que se detallan en la tabla anterior pueden diferir. Dicha operación de tratamiento suele incluir un conjunto de operaciones realizadas por medios automatizados, como la recopilación, el almacenamiento, la utilización, la divulgación por transmisión, la supresión o la destrucción. La transferencia de datos personales a terceros países, como se detalla más adelante en la sección Transferencia internacional de datos, responde al mismo fundamento jurídico que se estipula en la tabla anterior. 
Además, podemos utilizar determinados Datos personales para evitar actividades potencialmente prohibidas o ilegales, fraudes, apropiaciones indebidas, infracciones, robos de identidad y cualquier otro uso indebido de los Servicios y para hacer cumplir las Condiciones, así como para proteger la seguridad o integridad de nuestras bases de datos y de los Servicios, y para tomar precauciones contra la responsabilidad legal. Dicho tratamiento se basa en nuestros legítimos intereses. 
Podemos recopilar distintas categorías de Datos personales y Datos no personales relativos a usted, en función de la naturaleza de su interacción con los Servicios prestados a través del sitio web, las Aplicaciones, los Servicios web y el Mercado de Popular Pays, tal y como se ha detallado anteriormente. Si combinamos Datos personales con Datos no personales, la información combinada se tratará como Datos personales o mientras permanezca combinada. 
CÓMO RECOPILAMOS SU INFORMACIÓN dependiendo de la naturaleza de su interacción con nosotros, podemos recopilar de usted la información que se detalla anteriormente, como se indica a continuación, De manera automática, cuando visita nuestro sitio web o interactúa con nuestros servicios, incluso mediante el uso de cookies (como se señala adelante) y tecnologías de seguimiento similares.
CÓMO RECOPILAMOS SU INFORMACIÓN dependiendo de la naturaleza de su interacción con nosotros, podemos recopilar de usted la información que se detalla anteriormente, como se indica a continuación, Cuando usted decide voluntariamente proporcionarnos información, como cuando se pone en contacto con nosotros o solicita una demostración, todo ello según se detalla en esta Política.
CÓMO RECOPILAMOS SU INFORMACIÓN dependiendo de la naturaleza de su interacción con nosotros, podemos recopilar de usted la información que se detalla anteriormente, como se indica a continuación, Por nuestros terceros proveedores de servicios que recopilan datos personales en nuestro nombre, como los proveedores de servicios analíticos.
COOKIES Y TECNOLOGÍAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, píxeles de seguimiento (también conocidos como GIF transparentes y balizas web), kits de desarrollo de software de terceros, como se detalla en la Tabla A anterior, así como otras tecnologías con el fin de mantener, proporcionar y mejorar nuestro sitio web, la plataforma en línea y sus servicios o nuestras Aplicaciones. Utilizamos Cookies con diversos fines Preferencias: Este tipo de cookie nos ayuda a asegurar y mantener nuestros servicios, y recuerda sus preferencias para que no tenga que volver a configurarlas cada vez que nos visite.
COOKIES Y TECNOLOGÍAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, píxeles de seguimiento (también conocidos como GIF transparentes y balizas web), kits de desarrollo de software de terceros, como se detalla en la Tabla A anterior, así como otras tecnologías con el fin de mantener, proporcionar y mejorar nuestro sitio web, la plataforma en línea y sus servicios o nuestras Aplicaciones. Utilizamos Cookies con diversos fines Cookies estadísticas: Se utilizan con fines analíticos, para comprender mejor el uso de los servicios, las Aplicaciones y los sitios web.
COOKIES Y TECNOLOGÍAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, píxeles de seguimiento (también conocidos como GIF transparentes y balizas web), kits de desarrollo de software de terceros, como se detalla en la Tabla A anterior, así como otras tecnologías con el fin de mantener, proporcionar y mejorar nuestro sitio web, la plataforma en línea y sus servicios o nuestras Aplicaciones. Utilizamos Cookies con diversos fines Cookies de registro: Cuando se registra e inicia sesión, generamos cookies que nos permiten saber si ha iniciado sesión o no.
COOKIES Y TECNOLOGÍAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, píxeles de seguimiento (también conocidos como GIF transparentes y balizas web), kits de desarrollo de software de terceros, como se detalla en la Tabla A anterior, así como otras tecnologías con el fin de mantener, proporcionar y mejorar nuestro sitio web, la plataforma en línea y sus servicios o nuestras Aplicaciones. Utilizamos Cookies con diversos fines Cookies de mercadotecnia Estas cookies nos permiten saber si ha visto o no un anuncio o un tipo de anuncio, cómo ha interactuado con dicho anuncio y cuánto tiempo ha pasado desde que lo vio. También utilizamos cookies que nos ayudan con la publicidad dirigida. Podemos asociarnos con redes publicitarias y otros proveedores de servicios publicitarios que publican anuncios en nuestro nombre y en el de otros en plataformas no afiliadas. Algunos de esos anuncios pueden ser personalizados, lo que significa que suelen ser pertinentes para usted basándose en la información que las redes publicitarias y los proveedores de servicios publicitarios recopilan sobre el uso que usted hace de nuestro sitio web y de otros sitios o aplicaciones en el curso del tiempo, incluida la información sobre las relaciones entre distintos navegadores y dispositivos. Este tipo de publicidad se conoce como publicidad basada en intereses.
Para más información sobre las cookies utilizadas, consulte nuestra Política de cookies. 
INTERCAMBIO DE DATOS, CATEGORÍAS DE DESTINATARIOS CON LOS QUE COMPARTIMOS DATOS PERSONALES compartimos sus datos con terceros, incluidos nuestros socios o proveedores de servicios que nos ayudan a prestar nuestros Servicios. Aquí encontrará información sobre las categorías de dichos terceros destinatarios.
CATEGORÍA DE DESTINATARIO
DATOS QUE PUEDEN COMPARTIRSE
FINALIDAD DEL INTERCAMBIO DE DATOS 
Proveedores de servicios esenciales, que procesan los datos en nuestro nombre, con el fin de prestar los servicios, asegurarlos y mejorarlos. 
Todos los datos excepto los almacenados localmente en su dispositivo.
Podemos revelar Datos personales a nuestros proveedores de servicios de confianza que proporcionan tecnología o plataformas esenciales para la prestación de los Servicios («Proveedores de servicios esenciales»). Dichos Proveedores de servicios esenciales son, entre otros, servicios de alojamiento y coubicación de servidores, comunicaciones y redes de distribución de contenidos (CDN), proveedores de servicios de internet, sistemas operativos y plataformas, servicios de seguridad informática y cibernética, servicios de detección de fraudes, servicios de facturación y procesamiento de pagos, servicios de envío y manipulación, servicios de registro de sesiones o actividades, sistemas de asistencia y gestión de relaciones con los clientes. Los Proveedores de servicios esenciales tienen acceso, o procesan en nuestro nombre. Los Proveedores de servicios esenciales tienen prohibido utilizar su información personal para cualquier otro fin que no sea el de prestarnos los servicios solicitados. 
Proveedores de servicios de mercadotecnia 
Datos de comportamiento, datos de uso, identificadores en línea, datos de cuenta y datos de elaboración de perfiles.
Nuestros proveedores de servicios de mercadotecnia, que o bien procesan en nuestro nombre determinados datos que utilizamos para dirigirnos a usted y ofrecerle nuestros Servicios, o bien nos proporcionan herramientas para hacerlo («Proveedores de servicios de mercadotecnia»). 
Asesores
Datos de cuenta y de registro, información de contacto y cualquier otro dato, excepto los datos que se almacenan localmente en su dispositivo. 
Nuestros asesores legales, financieros y de cumplimiento («Asesores») pueden estar expuestos a ciertos Datos personales. Los Asesores están sujetos a obligaciones de privilegio o acuerdos de confidencialidad y tienen prohibido compartir cualquier Dato personal excepto para prestar los servicios que les hayamos solicitado. 
Plataformas de terceros 
Datos de registro, creaciones y actividad del Mercado de Popular Pays. 
Nuestros Servicios pueden incluir enlaces a sitios web de terceros, e integraciones con servicios de terceros. Dichos sitios web y servicios de terceros, así como cualquier información que usted trate, envíe, transmita, almacene o utilice de algún otro modo con respecto a dichos sitios web y servicios de terceros, están fuera del alcance de las condiciones de uso y de la Política de privacidad de Lightricks y, por lo tanto, se rigen por las condiciones, prácticas y políticas de privacidad del tercero de que se trate, y no por la presente Política de privacidad. Además, si los Servicios se integran con un servicio de tercero, la API que realiza la integración permitirá al tercero que corresponda proporcionarle determinados contenidos, así como acceder a parte de su contenido. Por ejemplo, si usted desea cargar o compartir de otro modo su contenido en un servicio de tercero integrado, como Instagram o TikTok, o hacer uso de determinadas funciones de dichos servicios, la API permitirá al tercero correspondiente acceder a su contenido (p. ej., su biblioteca de fotos). 
Otros usuarios 
Creaciones, nombre, información de contacto. 
Debido a la naturaleza de las Aplicaciones y a la función del Feed de Lightricks, determinados datos personales disponibles en las Aplicaciones son visibles para otros usuarios de Lightricks en la Aplicación de que se trate, por ejemplo, su nombre de usuario, así como sus me gusta y comentarios sobre otros contenidos. Nunca compartiremos sus fotos o vídeos con otros usuarios a menos que usted decida hacerlo de manera activa. 
Empresas subsidiarias y afiliadas
Todos los datos excepto los almacenados localmente en su dispositivo.
Podemos compartir Datos personales, internamente dentro de nuestro grupo o en el caso de una transacción corporativa (p. ej., venta de una parte sustancial de nuestra actividad comercial, fusión, consolidación o venta de activos). En caso de lo anterior, nuestras empresas afiliadas o la empresa adquiriente asumirán los derechos y obligaciones que se describen en esta Política. 
Terceros, autoridades, proveedores de seguridad, agencias gubernamentales o terceros autorizados.
Cualesquiera datos excepto los que se almacenan localmente en su dispositivo, en función de la finalidad y las necesidades. 
Para los derechos de protección y la seguridad de nuestros servicios y Aplicaciones, podemos compartir Datos personales con otras personas si creemos de buena fe que esto contribuirá a proteger los derechos, los bienes o la seguridad personal de los usuarios o personas físicas, o de cualquier miembro del público en general. Esto incluirá fines legales y de cumplimiento de la ley, es decir, en respuesta a una solicitud verificada relacionada con actos terroristas, investigaciones penales o presuntas actividades ilegales o cualquier otra actividad que pueda exponernos a nosotros, a usted o a cualquier otro usuario a una responsabilidad legal, y únicamente en la medida necesaria para cumplir con dicho fin. Dicha divulgación o acceso puede producirse si creemos de buena fe que: estamos legalmente obligados a hacerlo; la divulgación es apropiada en relación con los esfuerzos para investigar, prevenir o tomar medidas con respecto a la actividad ilegal real o presunta, fraude u otras irregularidades; o dicha divulgación es necesaria para proteger nuestros intereses comerciales legítimos, incluida la seguridad o integridad de nuestros servicios. 
Cuando compartimos información con proveedores de servicios y socios, nos aseguramos de que estos solo tengan acceso a la información estrictamente necesaria para que nosotros prestemos los servicios. Estas partes están obligadas a proteger los datos que reciben y a utilizarlos únicamente para los fines previamente acordados, garantizando al mismo tiempo el cumplimiento de toda la normativa aplicable en materia de protección de datos (prestadores de servicios que pueden utilizar otros Datos no personales en su propio beneficio).
DERECHOS DE LOS USUARIOS reconocemos que cada persona tiene preocupaciones y preferencias diferentes en materia de privacidad. Nuestro objetivo es ser claros sobre la información que recopilamos para que pueda tomar decisiones sensatas sobre cómo se utiliza. Le permitimos ejercer determinadas opciones, derechos y controles en relación con su información. Dependiendo de su relación con nosotros, su jurisdicción y las leyes de protección de datos que se le apliquen, tiene derecho a controlar y solicitar que se ejecuten determinadas limitaciones o derechos.
Los residentes de California, Virginia y Colorado pueden consultar nuestro Aviso de privacidad CCPA. 
Para obtener información detallada sobre sus derechos y cómo ejercerlos, consulte el formulario de solicitud del interesado («FSI») disponible aquí y envíelo a nuestro RPD: dpo@lightricks.com. 
Además, determinados derechos están disponibles dentro de la Aplicación: puede corregir, revisar y suprimir información de la configuración de la Aplicación en cualquier momento, puede revocar fácilmente cualquier consentimiento que haya dado y puede optar por inhabilitar determinadas funciones y seguimientos, por lo que le recomendamos que utilice las soluciones técnicas que le hemos proporcionado para ejercer sus derechos.
Por último, puede darse de baja de los anuncios basados en intereses a través de la configuración del dispositivo, o dándose de baja en el sitio web de la Network Advertising Initiative (sitio web "NAI"), NAI consumer opt-out y el sitio web de la Alianza Digital de Publicidad ("DAA")- DAA opt-out page.
CONSERVACIÓN DE DATOS en general, a menos que se describa anteriormente un período de conservación diferente, conservamos los Datos personales que recopilamos mientras sigan siendo necesarios para los fines establecidos anteriormente, cuando lo permita la ley o la normativa, o hasta que usted exprese su preferencia de darse de baja, cuando proceda.
Entre otras circunstancias en las que podemos conservar sus Datos personales durante periodos más largos cuando lo permita la ley o la normativa están las siguientes: cuando estemos obligados a hacerlo de conformidad con requisitos legales, normativos, fiscales o contables; o ii) para que tengamos un registro preciso de sus relaciones con nosotros en caso de reclamaciones o impugnaciones; o iii) si creemos razonablemente que existe una perspectiva de litigio en relación con sus Datos personales. 
Tenga en cuenta que, salvo que lo exija la legislación aplicable o nuestros acuerdos específicos con usted, no estaremos obligados a conservar sus Datos personales durante ningún período concreto, y somos libres de eliminarlos de forma segura o restringir el acceso a ellos por cualquier motivo y en cualquier momento, con o sin previo aviso. Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre nuestra política de conservación de datos, póngase en contacto con nosotros por correo electrónico en la dirección: dpo@lightricks.com. 
MEDIDAS EN MATERIA DE SEGURIDAD aplicamos medidas técnicas, organizativas y de seguridad adecuadas, así como estándares del sector, para reducir los riesgos de daño (o pérdida) de información, o cualquier acceso a esta o uso no autorizado de esta. Sin embargo, estas medidas no brindan una seguridad absoluta de la información. Por lo tanto, aunque se hacen esfuerzos para asegurar sus Datos personales, no se garantiza la inmunidad a los riesgos o ataques a la seguridad de la información y usted no puede esperar que los servicios sean inmunes a ellos. De igual modo, dado que la seguridad de la información depende en parte de la seguridad del ordenador, dispositivo o red que utilice para comunicarse con nosotros, la seguridad de sus Datos personales también depende de usted. Asegúrese de tomar las medidas adecuadas para utilizar redes y dispositivos seguros y proteger sus credenciales de acceso.
Póngase en contacto con nosotros en dpo@lightricks.com si considera que su privacidad no ha sido atendida adecuadamente, se ha atendido de forma contraria a nuestra Política de privacidad, o si tiene conocimiento de que un tercero ha intentado acceder sin autorización a alguno de sus Datos personales. Haremos un esfuerzo razonable para notificárselo, tanto a usted como a las autoridades competentes (si así lo exige la legislación aplicable), en caso de que descubramos un incidente de seguridad relacionado con sus Datos personales. 
TRANSFERENCIA INTERNACIONAL DE DATOS nuestros servidores de datos en los que alojamos y almacenamos la información están ubicados en todo el mundo, incluidos EE. UU. y la UE. La sede central se encuentra en Israel, donde podemos acceder a la información almacenada en servidores locales, servidores de alojamiento en la nube u otros sistemas y plataformas que utilizamos. En caso de que necesitemos transferir sus Datos personales fuera de su jurisdicción, tomaremos las medidas que correspondan para garantizar que sus Datos personales reciban un nivel de protección adecuado, tal y como exige la legislación aplicable. Además, cuando los Datos personales que se recogen en el Espacio Económico Europeo («EEE»), el Reino Unido o Suiza se transfieren fuera de tal jurisdicción, a un país que no ha recibido una decisión de adecuación de la Comisión Europea o de la OIC, tomaremos las medidas necesarias para garantizar que se provean garantías suficientes durante la transferencia de dichos Datos personales, de conformidad con lo dispuesto en las Cláusulas Contractuales Tipo de la UE, el Reino Unido o Suiza. Así, obtendremos compromisos contractuales o garantías del importador de los datos con el fin de proteger sus Datos personales, haciendo uso de protecciones contractuales que los reguladores hayan aprobado previamente para garantizar la protección de sus datos.
ELEGIBILIDAD Y PRIVACIDAD DE LOS NIÑOS los servicios no están destinados a ser utilizados por niños (por «niño» se entenderá una persona menor de edad que, según se define en la legislación aplicable, en lo que respecta al EEE, sea menor de 16 años, y, en lo que respecta a EE. UU., sea menor de 13 años), y no procesamos a sabiendas información de niños. Descartaremos cualquier información que recibamos de un usuario considerado «niño» inmediatamente después de descubrir que dicho usuario ha compartido información con nosotros. Póngase en contacto con nosotros en dpo@lightricks.com si tiene motivos para creer que un niño ha compartido información con nosotros.
14. ESPECIFICACIONES.
Brasil: Hemos creado esta sección específicamente para los usuarios en Brasil. Los usuarios en Brasil tienen determinados derechos de privacidad según se dispone en la legislación brasileña, incluida la Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais («LGPD»). Nuestra Política de privacidad y los controles de privacidad que ofrecemos a todos los usuarios están en consonancia con estas leyes; mediante este aviso se asegura que cubrimos los requisitos específicos de Brasil. Por ejemplo, todos los usuarios pueden solicitar una copia de sus datos, solicitar su supresión y controlar su configuración de privacidad en la aplicación. 
La información sobre el Responsable del tratamiento está disponible anteriormente, en la Sección 2. 
El fundamento jurídico en virtud de la LGPD es el Contrato (cumplir con las obligaciones del acuerdo que hemos firmado), los Legítimos intereses (tenemos el derecho, los legítimos intereses, para hacerlo), el Consentimiento (hemos pedido su permiso) y las Obligaciones legales. En los cuadros de la sección 4 se detalla el fundamento jurídico para el tratamiento de cada conjunto de datos. 
EE. UU.: consulte nuestro Aviso CCPA para las especificaciones de California, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado y Connecticut. 
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDADE DA LIGHTRICKS
[Última modificação: 17 de agosto de 2023]
A Lightricks Ltd., incluindo as nossas subsidiárias e afiliadas (coletivamente, "Lightricks", "nós", "nosso" ou "nos"), envida grandes esforços para garantir que os dados pessoais que processamos são armazenados de forma segura e utilizados corretamente, e que as nossas práticas de processamento de dados são comunicadas com precisão aos nossos utilizadores e potenciais utilizadores.
A Lightricks é pioneira em tecnologia inovadora que faz a ponte entre a imaginação e a criação. As ferramentas de edição de fotografia e vídeo da Lightricks oferecem infinitas possibilidades e inspiração, proporcionando a indivíduos, criadores de conteúdos ou influenciadores a capacidade de rentabilizar o seu trabalho e oferecer às marcas oportunidades de escalar os seus conteúdos através de parcerias personalizadas com criadores. A Lightricks é uma empresa global, que oferece estes serviços, aplicações e tecnologia em todo o mundo. 
A presente Política de Privacidade ("Política" ou "Política de Privacidade") descreve a forma como recolhemos, armazenamos, utilizamos e divulgamos informações durante a utilização de qualquer um dos serviços, tecnologias e aplicações aqui descritos. Tentámos detalhar estes processos de uma forma simples e amigável, no entanto, uma vez que a Lightricks oferece várias aplicações móveis e web (cada uma delas uma "Aplicação"), funcionalidades e feeds ("Lightricks Feed") e um mercado online ("Popular Pays Marketplace") que liga marcas e agências ("Marcas") e indivíduos, criadores de conteúdos, influenciadores ("Criador(es)"), que processam as suas informações de forma diferente, encorajamo-lo a ler atentamente e a contactar-nos se tiver mais questões. 
Esta Política é aplicável (coletivamente e separadamente, referenciada como "sua": potenciais clientes e visitantes que navegam nos nossos sítios Web, páginas de destino, que se envolvem em anúncios e campanhas que promovem os nossos serviços, blogues ou outros formulários Web ("Potencial cliente" ou "Visitante"); utilizadores que instalam e utilizam as nossas Aplicações; Marcas e Criadores que utilizam o Popular Pays Marketplace; e quaisquer indivíduos que utilizem os nossos serviços. 
No caso de ser residente no Colorado, Virgínia ou Califórnia, Consulte o nosso Aviso de Privacidade CCPA ("Aviso CCPA") para além da presente Política de Privacidade. 
O utilizador não é obrigado, em momento algum, a fornecer-nos dados pessoais ou informações pessoais. 
ATUALIZAÇÕES E ALTERAÇÕES podemos atualizar e alterar esta Política ocasionalmente, segundo o nosso critério exclusivo. A versão mais recente da Política estará sempre acessível a partir do sítio Web ou das aplicações. A data de atualização da Apólice será refletida no cabeçalho "Última modificação". No caso de uma alteração material, ou se exigido por lei, enviaremos um aviso que reflita essas alterações. Quaisquer alterações à Política entrarão em vigor no prazo de 30 dias após a publicação da Política alterada. Recomendamos que reveja esta Política periodicamente para garantir que compreende as nossas práticas de privacidade mais atualizadas.
CARGOS E INFORMAÇÕES DE CONTACTO a Lightricks Ltd. está constituída ao abrigo das leis do Estado de Israel e, salvo indicação explícita em contrário na tabela abaixo, é o Responsável pelo Tratamento dos Dados Pessoais (tal como estes termos são definidos no Regulamento Geral sobre a Proteção de Dados "RGPD" ou legislação de privacidade equivalente).
Para quaisquer questões, inquéritos ou preocupações relacionadas com esta Política de Privacidade ou com o processamento dos seus Dados Pessoais, pode contactar-nos da seguinte forma informações de Contacto DPO: dpo@lightricks.com
Por correio.
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalém, Israel, 9190401
Representante de partes interessadas na UE e no Reino Unido Informações de Contacto nomeámos representantes na Alemanha e no Reino Unido para questões de proteção de dados relativas a titulares de dados da UE ou do Reino Unido.
As questões relativas às nossas práticas de privacidade na UE podem ser enviadas para o nosso Representante para a Proteção de Dados ("RPD") da seguinte forma informações de Contacto DPR: dpr@lightricks.com
Por correio.
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Alemanha.
As questões relacionadas com as nossas práticas de privacidade no Reino Unido podem ser enviadas para o nosso RPD do Reino Unido da seguinte forma informações de Contacto UK-DPR: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
Por correio.
Lightricks (UK), 
Número de Registo ICO: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT Reino Unido.
TIPO DE CONJUNTOS DE DADOS PROCESSADOS 
Durante a sua utilização ou interação com os serviços, recolhemos informações agregadas, não pessoais e não identificáveis ("Dados Não Pessoais"). Os Dados Não Pessoais recolhidos incluem informações de utilização agregadas, informações anónimas e informações técnicas, tais como: tipo de browser ou dispositivo, preferência de idioma, carimbo de data e hora, etc. 
Além disso, recolhemos informações que identificam uma pessoa ou que podem, com um esforço razoável, ser utilizadas para identificar uma pessoa ("Dados Pessoais"). Os tipos de Dados Pessoais que recolhemos, bem como a finalidade do processamento desses dados, estão especificados na tabela abaixo. Para evitar dúvidas, quaisquer Dados Não Pessoais ligados ou vinculados a quaisquer Dados Pessoais serão considerados Dados Pessoais enquanto essa ligação ou vinculação existir.
Podemos processar dados demográficos e determinados critérios de definição de perfis, que são inferidos a partir dos conjuntos de dados enumerados abaixo, por exemplo, a partir das suas fotografias podemos determinar o seu sexo e idade. 
OBJETIVO, BASE LEGAL E OPERAÇÕES DE PROCESSAMENTO
Detalhamos abaixo, para cada ativo e serviço, os Dados Pessoais processados, a finalidade e a operação e a base legal para esse processamento. Existem quatro tabelas abaixo, a Tabela A detalha os Dados Pessoais processados durante a utilização das nossas Apps, a Tabela B detalha os Dados Pessoais utilizados para desenvolvimento, aprendizagem automática de IA ou de outra forma utilizados para fins internos, a Tabela C detalha os Dados Pessoais processados durante a utilização do Popular Pays Marketplace e a Tabela D detalha os Dados Pessoais processados quando interage com o nosso website, anúncios ou outros. 
TABELA A: APPS 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
OBJETIVO E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Dados de Conta depois de instalar a aplicação, iniciará sessão e criará a sua conta (para os utilizadores iOS, a criação de uma conta é opcional).
O utilizador pode optar por iniciar sessão utilizando a sua conta Apple, Facebook ou Google ou introduzindo o seu endereço de correio eletrónico e escolhendo uma palavra-passe. 
Se o utilizador iniciar sessão através do Facebook, Google ou Apple, receberemos informações associadas a essa conta (dependendo das definições de privacidade escolhidas), como o nome, a fotografia de perfil, a lista de amigos, os dados demográficos e a localização do utilizador. 
Utilizamos os dados da conta para criar uma conta e autenticar a identidade do utilizador. Se utilizar várias aplicações e tiver iniciado sessão, poderemos identificá-lo nessas várias aplicações e partilhar as informações processadas em cada uma delas. Além disso, enviar-lhe-emos faturas, materiais e conteúdos, incluindo materiais de marketing, através do endereço de correio eletrónico que forneceu durante o seu registo ("Marketing Direto").
Tratamento dos dados da conta necessários para a execução de um contrato.
O processamento para Marketing Direto está sujeito ao nosso interesse legítimo. O utilizador pode optar por não participar a qualquer momento, cancelando a subscrição. Nota: mesmo que cancele a sua inscrição, continuarão a ser enviadas determinadas mensagens de correio eletrónico operacionais. 
Identificadores Online e Dados de Utilização quando o utilizador utiliza as Apps, nós, ou os nossos parceiros terceiros, identificamo-lo através de Identificadores Online. "Identificadores online" são identificadores únicos, incluindo IDFA ou AAID, endereço IP, ID do dispositivo, ID do cookie, agente, etc.
Processamos ainda, direta ou indiretamente através dos nossos parceiros terceiros, dados de utilização, que podem ou não estar associados aos Identificadores Online. Quando associados a um Identificador Online, serão tratados como Dados Pessoais; caso contrário, se os dados de utilização forem agregados, anonimizados ou desidentificados, não serão considerados Dados Pessoais. 
Os dados de utilização incluem informações relativas à sua interação com a aplicação, funcionalidades utilizadas, duração da utilização, dados de fluxo de cliques, erros ocorridos, bem como a sua interação com os conteúdos ou anúncios apresentados, registos de publicidade e conteúdos apresentados nas páginas ou ecrãs da aplicação que lhe são apresentados e qualquer interação que possa ter tido com esses conteúdos ou publicidade (coletivamente, "Dados de utilização").
Os Identificadores Online e os Dados de Utilização são utilizados para fins analíticos e operacionais, para corrigir erros e bugs, para ajustar a preferência de idioma, se aplicável, para lhe permitir utilizar a aplicação e para lhe fornecer as suas funcionalidades. 
Algumas das Apps apresentam ainda anúncios baseados em interesses ou outras ações de marketing e promoções que se baseiam nos Dados de Utilização. 
Quando o processamento se destina a marketing ou rastreio, processaremos os dados pessoais apenas com base no consentimento. 
Quando o tratamento dos dados pessoais se destina a operações e ao fornecimento das funcionalidades da aplicação, a base legal será a necessidade contratual. 
Por último, os Dados Pessoais podem ser processados de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo de compreender como os nossos serviços são utilizados, corrigir erros e melhorar a experiência, incluindo através da personalização de ofertas e promoções. 
Imagens, Fotografias e Vídeos para ativar os serviços, o utilizador fornece-nos acesso à sua galeria de fotografias ou carrega fotografias a partir da sua galeria. As imagens, fotografias e vídeos são processados no seu dispositivo para determinar a localização estimada de partes de rostos (como os olhos, o nariz ou a boca) e pontos no rosto e nos olhos, que são aplicados a um modelo genérico de um rosto que é utilizado para o ajudar a editar imagens e vídeos em tempo real ("Face Data").
Também recolhemos dados demográficos processados em dispositivos iOS, como a idade e o sexo, a partir das suas imagens, fotografias e vídeos.
Quando são utilizadas fotografias e imagens para criar trabalhos artísticos ou adicionar efeitos às suas criações, a imagem selecionada é carregada para a Lightricks Cloud. Nenhum dado processado por estes efeitos ou utilizado para identificar o utilizador e nenhum dado é armazenado na Nuvem da Lightricks, exceto a imagem original e a imagem de saída, que são eliminadas no prazo de 30 dias, salvo pedido em contrário do utilizador.
Processamos os dados para permitir a utilização das funcionalidades disponíveis nas Apps, incluindo a capacidade de editar as suas imagens, vídeos e suportes.
Processaremos os dados demográficos para comercializar ofertas personalizadas através da Lightricks. Não utilizamos as suas fotografias, vídeos ou dados faciais reais para fins de marketing e estas informações não são partilhadas com terceiros. 
Os dados faciais são processados no seu dispositivo. Não recolhemos nem armazenamos Dados faciais nos nossos servidores, nem os partilhamos com terceiros. 
Processamos as imagens, vídeos e fotografias, incluindo os Dados faciais, para efeitos de prestação dos serviços e cumprimento das nossas obrigações contratuais para consigo. 
Se optar por armazenar projetos que utilizem Dados faciais, os dados serão armazenados no seu dispositivo até que elimine o projeto, o projeto seja eliminado automaticamente devido a limites de armazenamento ou elimine a aplicação.
Se tiver concedido acesso à sua galeria de fotografias, pode revogar a permissão em qualquer altura. 
Avatares e Ferramentas IA determinadas aplicações incluem tecnologia de inteligência artificial ("IA") para editar imagens, fotografias e vídeos, para criar avatares mágicos personalizados ("Avatares"), movimentos e efeitos, estilos artísticos, texto para imagem, etc. (coletivamente "Resultados").
Para tal, processamos as imagens e os vídeos originais carregados ("Inputs") na Lightricks Cloud. A nossa tecnologia de IA utiliza a deteção de rostos para determinar a postura, a localização e outras características não identificadoras dos rostos que aparecem no enquadramento, e pode processar Dados Pessoais de não utilizadores conforme descrito na secção abaixo. 
No entanto, os Avatares adquiridos são armazenados na Nuvem da Lightricks, de modo a permanecerem acessíveis ao utilizador através da Aplicação, em qualquer altura e a partir de qualquer dispositivo, até que o utilizador decida eliminá-los. 
Utilizamos os dados carregados na Nuvem da Lightricks, ou seja, a Entrada e a Saída, para efeitos de prestação dos Serviços e geração da Saída. 
Para criar os Avatares, processamos 10-25 imagens como Entradas com o objetivo de fornecer os Serviços e cumprir as nossas obrigações contratuais para com o utilizador. Atualmente, estamos a utilizar o modelo de rede neural de Difusão Estável que permite aos utilizadores gerar Avatares personalizados. 
As entradas são eliminadas no prazo de 24 horas, exceto se a entrada for fornecida para criar o Avatar, caso em que será eliminada imediatamente após a criação do Avatar. 
Dados Pessoais Não-Utilizador.
Quando formos capazes de determinar que o utilizador partilhou connosco Dados Pessoais que não são do utilizador, tais como as imagens ou vídeos que submeteu no âmbito da nossa funcionalidade "avatares de casais", utilizaremos as imagens ou os vídeos para gerar o avatar ou outro Output e eliminaremos os Inputs permanentemente da Nuvem da Lightricks.
Além disso, o utilizador pode convidar amigos a utilizar as nossas aplicações. Ao fazê-lo, ser-lhe-á pedido que partilhe os dados de contacto dos seus amigos (como o endereço de correio eletrónico ou o número de telefone). 
Processamos a fotografia apenas para efeitos de prestação dos Serviços, não tendo qualquer outra utilização da fotografia original. 
Processaremos os dados de contacto do seu amigo apenas com o objetivo de lhe enviar um convite para utilizar os Serviços, não utilizaremos estes dados para qualquer outro fim. 
Interesse legítimo em fornecer os Serviços ao nosso Utilizador. 
Suporte.
Quando nos contactar para obter apoio ao cliente, processaremos as suas informações de contacto. 
Utilizaremos as informações de contacto para prestar o apoio ao cliente necessário. Conservaremos essa correspondência durante o tempo necessário e para provar que o apoio foi prestado. 
Processamos essas informações para prestar os serviços de apoio e cumprir as obrigações contratuais. 
Inquérito e Feedback podemos pedir-lhe que dê a sua opinião sobre os nossos serviços. Se optar por responder ao nosso pedido de feedback ou participar no nosso inquérito, recolheremos o seu feedback e informações de contacto, como o seu nome, endereço de correio eletrónico, etc.
Utilizamos estas informações para melhorar, rever e aperfeiçoar o nosso Serviço, bem como para otimizar e personalizar os Serviços. 
Processamos essas informações com o consentimento do utilizador. O utilizador pode retirar o seu consentimento a qualquer momento, contactando-nos através das informações de contacto fornecidas neste documento.
Detalhes de Compra determinadas funcionalidades e Serviços estão sujeitos a pagamento, seja na aplicação ou por subscrição. Os pagamentos são feitos através de compras na aplicação ("IAP") por serviços de pagamento de terceiros; no entanto, processamos os dados de transações comerciais, tais como registos de compras e preços; detalhes de envio (se aplicável); endereço, número de telefone de contacto e endereço de correio eletrónico.
Utilizamos estas informações para processar os seus pagamentos. 
Podemos utilizar serviços e plataformas de terceiros para processar os Dados de Pagamento como, por exemplo, Adyen o Paypal, ou através do IAP, em que o Google Play ou a Apple Store regeriam esses pagamentos. Consequentemente, quaisquer transações processadas pelas plataformas de terceiros serão regidas pela sua própria política e termos de privacidade, que recomendamos que reveja. 
Desempenho do nosso contrato consigo. 
Redes Sociais 
Quando utiliza o feed da Lightricks ou partilha as suas criações nas redes sociais, processamos os Dados Pessoais que disponibiliza, tais como fotografias de perfil, nome, endereço de correio eletrónico, contas de redes sociais, reações a publicações no feed ("Dados de Feed").
Utilizamos os Dados de Feed para lhe fornecer os Serviços de Feed da Lightricks e para permitir a sua interação com redes sociais de terceiros.
Processamos os Dados de Feed para a execução de um contrato com o utilizador. Nota: as informações que optar por tornar públicas podem não ser eliminadas, mesmo que elimine a aplicação e a conta. 
Autorizações.
Dependendo da aplicação utilizada ou das funcionalidades de que pretende usufruir, ser-lhe-á pedido que nos conceda permissões de acesso, tais como: acesso à galeria de fotografias, ativação de ferramentas de rastreio, notificações push, acesso às suas contas sociais, etc. ("Permissões da aplicação"). 
Utilizaremos estas autorizações para processar as informações necessárias para fornecer o Serviço ou melhorar o Serviço. 
Para aceder a estas permissões da aplicação, terá de as ativar ativa e explicitamente através de uma permissão na aplicação ou nas definições do telemóvel. Pode desativar as permissões da aplicação a qualquer momento, mas tenha em atenção que, dependendo da permissão da aplicação, pode desativar uma funcionalidade ou todas as funcionalidades podem não funcionar corretamente. 
Para mais informações sobre os SDK integrados nas nossas aplicações, consulte abaixo utilizamos fornecedores de serviços de análise de terceiros, como o Google Analytics, os serviços Crashlytics e Firebase da Google e o Facebook. Podemos divulgar as suas informações a estes fornecedores de análises para nos ajudar a saber mais sobre a forma como o utilizador e outros utilizam os nossos serviços appsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
Divulgaremos as informações a fornecedores analíticos terceiros para fins de marketing e rastreio, para fins analíticos e operacionais, para corrigir erros e bugs, para ajustar a preferência de idioma, se aplicável, para lhe permitir utilizar a aplicação e para lhe fornecer as suas funcionalidades. 
Quando o processamento se destina a marketing ou rastreio, processaremos os dados pessoais apenas com base no consentimento. Caso contrário, processaremos estes SDK de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo. 
TABELA B, APRENDIZAGEM POR MÁQUINA IA E DESENVOLVIMENTO INTERNO 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
OBJETIVO E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Dados de Utilização; 
Entradas, incluindo a postura, a localização e outras características não identificadoras de rostos detetadas nas Entradas pela nossa tecnologia de IA (mas não incluindo Dados faciais, definidos acima).
Utilizaremos os dados para enriquecer o conteúdo e melhorar as funcionalidades disponíveis nos Serviços. 
Utilizaremos estas informações para personalizar o serviço oferecido ao utilizador, adaptar as ofertas aos seus interesses e oferecer produtos, aplicações ou serviços adicionais da Lightricks que acreditamos serem do seu agrado. 
Para melhorar a tecnologia de IA e oferecer melhores Serviços, utilizamos partes da Entrada de forma anónima, para treinar o algoritmo e criar modelos (como, por exemplo, modelos de difusão, GAN e outros). Os dados de entrada não podem ser associados ao utilizador, identificados com o utilizador ou utilizados para o identificar. Não utilizaremos a Entrada na sua totalidade, mas processaremos determinadas cópias extraídas do Input. 
Não poderemos, e não é nosso objetivo, autenticar ou identificar exclusivamente o utilizador, ou qualquer outra pessoa, utilizando estes modelos. 
Além disso, rotulamos automaticamente determinadas imagens detetadas na sua Entrada, como "cão", "gato" e homem ou mulher, para melhorar o desempenho das funcionalidades de IA, como a criação de texto para imagem e Avatar, e para efeitos de rotulagem de dados para utilização na aprendizagem automática. Note-se que os dados etiquetados não estão associados a qualquer pessoa identificada.
A aprendizagem por máquina e a rotulagem de dados são processadas de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo em melhorar os nossos Serviços e tecnologia. Asseguramos que as informações de identificação, tais como identificadores de dispositivos ou identificadores online, não são associadas às informações utilizadas para a aprendizagem e formação, incluindo os dados de entrada, o que significa que os dados de entrada não podem ser reidentificados ou associados ao utilizador.
Exceto nos casos acima referidos, os modelos utilizados para formação e aprendizagem são eliminados no prazo de 180 dias. 
No entanto, é da sua exclusiva responsabilidade carregar imagens, vídeos e outros conteúdos que não sejam ilegais, caluniosos, difamatórios, obscenos, pornográficos, indecentes, lascivos, sugestivos, assediantes, ameaçadores, invasivos da privacidade ou dos direitos de publicidade, abusivos, inflamatórios, fraudulentos ou que possam ser interpretados como conteúdos nocivos. Contacte-nos através do e-mail dpo@lightricks.com se encontrar quaisquer conteúdos como sendo ofensivos. A utilização de tecnologias IA está igualmente sujeita aos Termos IA, disponíveis em: website_url_lnk 
TABELA C- POPULAR PAYS MARKETPLACE 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
OBJETIVO E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Registo.
Quando a Marca se inscreve no Mercado Popular Pays, deve preencher os dados de contacto dos utilizadores autorizados (nome, número de telefone, endereço de e-mail, site, etc.). 
Após o registo e a criação da Conta de Marca, a Marca terá acesso ao painel de controlo que incluirá mais dados relativos às suas campanhas, estatísticas e análises relativas às suas campanhas, envolvimento dos utilizadores, etc. 
Utilizamos estas informações para criar uma conta, fornecer gestão de conta, permitir a sua interação com os Criadores, realizar campanhas de marketing, fornecer apoio e quaisquer Serviços solicitados. 
As informações sobre a campanha são fornecidas de uma forma analítica agregada. 
O processamento é necessário para a execução de um contrato. 
Contas de Criador um Criador terá de criar um portefólio que incluirá o nome completo, o endereço de correio eletrónico, a idade, o sexo, a localização, o endereço de envio, os dados demográficos, as informações de pagamento (que incluirão os dados da sua conta bancária ou da sua conta Apple-Pay/Google-Pay), a sua profissão ou especializações (por exemplo, estilo de vida, moda, beleza, planeamento financeiro), preferências linguísticas, etc.
Qualquer informação disponibilizada pelo utilizador através da carteira é considerada "Dados do Portfólio".
Além disso, para participar em campanhas, o Criador terá de carregar as suas criações no portefólio, integrar as suas contas nas redes sociais, através das quais as Marcas poderão analisar o trabalho do Criador, a sua biografia e o tipo de seguidores com que o Criador interage. 
Utilizamos os Dados do Portfólio para criar o portfólio, disponibilizá-lo para as Marcas analisarem, permitir a sua interação com as Marcas, fornecer gestão de contas, fornecer apoio e quaisquer Serviços solicitados. 
Além disso, utilizaremos o conteúdo carregado e os Dados do portfólio para criar informações agregadas sobre o seu público e conteúdo (por exemplo, género, faixa etária, localização geográfica, etc.).
Os dados do portfólio são necessários para o cumprimento das nossas obrigações contratuais na prestação dos serviços.
As informações são processadas de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo. 
As criações que carrega também podem incluir Dados Pessoais, no entanto, somos o Processador (tal como esses termos são definidos no RGPD) desses Dados Pessoais, alojando as criações em seu nome. 
Dados de Utilização recolhemos informações sobre como, quando e onde o utilizador utiliza o serviço, acede à Conta e às ações realizadas no Popular Pays Marketplace.
Utilizamos estas informações apenas com o objetivo de melhorar os Serviços e corrigir erros e falhas. 
O processamento é necessário para a execução de um contrato. 
Suporte ao Cliente quando nos contactar para obter apoio ao cliente, processaremos as suas informações de contacto.
Utilizaremos as informações de contacto para prestar o apoio ao cliente necessário. Conservaremos essa correspondência durante o tempo necessário e para provar que o apoio foi prestado. 
Processamos essas informações para prestar os serviços de apoio e cumprir as obrigações contratuais. 
Marketing Direto.
Enviar-lhe-emos comunicações de serviço e promoções de marketing, tais como novas funcionalidades, ofertas adicionais, oportunidades especiais ou quaisquer outras informações que consideremos úteis para o utilizador. 
Utilizaremos estas informações para o manter atualizado sobre ofertas e conteúdos e para operações (faturas, ofertas, etc.). 
Processamos essas informações com base no nosso interesse legítimo. O utilizador pode optar por não participar em qualquer altura através da ligação "cancelar a subscrição" existente na mensagem de correio eletrónico. 
Campanhas.
Como marca, fornecemos serviços que lhe permitem fornecer conteúdos relevantes aos utilizadores finais, visando um público específico. 
A campanha direcionada será dirigida a potenciais clientes que aparentam ter os mesmos interesses ou interesses semelhantes aos dos clientes existentes da Marca, com base nos segmentos que recolhemos e analisamos ("Insights").
Utilizamos esses Insights para direcionar campanhas em nome da Marca, como parte dos serviços fornecidos através do Marketplace. 
Processamos isto em nome da Marca como um Processador (como tais termos são definidos no GDPR) e sujeito às instruções da Marca. 
Agendar uma Demonstração no caso de optar por reservar uma demonstração gratuita, ser-lhe-á pedido que nos forneça o seu nome completo, número de telefone e endereço de correio eletrónico da empresa.
Utilizá-lo-emos para fornecer ao utilizador as informações ou serviços que este solicitou.
Processamos essas informações com base no nosso interesse legítimo. 
Utilizamos estas informações para processar os seus pagamentos. 
Podemos utilizar serviços e plataformas de terceiros para processar os Dados de pagamento, como Adyen, Stripe, Braintre e Paypal, ou através do IAP, em que o Google Play ou a Apple Store regeriam esses pagamentos. Consequentemente, quaisquer transações processadas pelas plataformas de terceiros serão regidas pela sua própria política de privacidade e termos, que recomendamos que reveja.
Necessidade de Contrato 
TABELA D- INTERAÇÃO DE POTENCIAIS CLIENTES E INDIVÍDUOS COM O NOSSO SÍTIO WEB, ANÚNCIOS OU ATIVOS DIGITAIS 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
OBJETIVO E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Identificadores Online e Dados de Utilização quando interage com o nosso sítio Web, recolhemos, direta ou indiretamente, Identificadores Online e Dados de Utilização (ou seja, hora e data de acesso, movimento no sítio Web, fluxo de cliques, duração, URL referidos, conteúdo visualizado, etc.).
Processamos estas informações para melhorar o sítio Web, identificar erros e bugs, bem como para fins estatísticos, analíticos e de marketing. 
Os Dados Pessoais recolhidos para o funcionamento do sítio Web, através de cookies de primeira parte, baseiam-se no nosso interesse legítimo de permitir o funcionamento do sítio Web e dos serviços. 
Dependendo da sua jurisdição, os cookies de terceiros só poderão processar Dados Pessoais se tiver dado o seu consentimento através do aviso de cookies e da ferramenta de gestão de consentimento que é utilizada no sítio Web. 
O utilizador pode retirar o consentimento em qualquer altura, utilizando as definições de preferências de cookies 
Publicidade.
Quando comercializamos os serviços, utilizamos fornecedores ou ferramentas de terceiros para gerir estas campanhas publicitárias. Através destas ferramentas, recolhemos informações como o percurso dos indivíduos, quando clicaram no nosso anúncio e se instalaram, subscreveram ou se envolveram com essa campanha ou aplicação. 
Para realizar, facilitar e otimizar as nossas campanhas de marketing, gestão de anúncios e operações de vendas, e para gerir e apresentar anúncios dos nossos produtos e serviços de forma mais eficaz, incluindo noutros sites e aplicações. 
Sujeito ao seu consentimento através de permissão na aplicação ou banner de cookies, conforme aplicável. 
Informações de Contacto se nos contactar voluntariamente através de chat, e-mail ou outros meios, ou se preencher um inquérito ou fornecer feedback, ser-lhe-á pedido que nos forneça determinadas informações, tais como o seu nome, endereço de e-mail e quaisquer informações adicionais que decida partilhar connosco.
Informações de Contacto se nos estiver a contactar em nome de outra pessoa, valorizamos a sua assistência e preocupação com os outros, tenha em atenção que é da sua responsabilidade certificar-se de que qualquer pessoa cujos dados pessoais nos forneça está ciente dos princípios desta declaração e concorda que nos fornecerá dados pessoais nesta base.
Processamos as informações para responder ao seu pedido. Podemos também processar as informações de correspondência para melhorar os nossos serviços de vendas ou de apoio ao cliente.
Processamos as informações de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo, a fim de responder ao seu pedido. Podemos conservar essa correspondência se formos legalmente obrigados a fazê-lo. 
Registo de Chamadas ao contactar o nosso Potencial Cliente, poderemos gravar as chamadas ("Registos de chamadas").
Utilizamos esses Registos de chamadas para gerir, medir e melhorar os nossos esforços de vendas e melhorar os nossos Serviços. 
Processamos os registos de chamadas com o seu consentimento, que será obtido no início da nossa conversa. 
Registo na Newsletter caso se inscreva para receber a nossa newsletter, atualizações do blogue ou outros materiais de marketing, ser-lhe-á pedido que forneça os seus dados de contacto, como o seu endereço de correio eletrónico.
Utilizaremos o seu correio eletrónico para lhe enviar a nossa newsletter e outros materiais de marketing. 
Processamos essas informações de contacto com o seu consentimento. Pode retirar o seu consentimento em qualquer altura através da ligação "anular a subscrição" existente na mensagem de correio eletrónico ou contactando-nos diretamente. 
Tenha em atenção que a operação de tratamento efetiva para cada finalidade de utilização e base jurídica indicada no quadro acima pode ser diferente. Essa operação de tratamento inclui geralmente um conjunto de operações efetuadas por meios automatizados, como a recolha, o armazenamento, a utilização, a divulgação por transmissão, o apagamento ou a destruição. A transferência de dados pessoais para países terceiros, conforme detalhado abaixo na secção Transferência Internacional de Dados, baseia-se na mesma base legal estipulada na tabela acima. 
Além disso, podemos utilizar determinados Dados Pessoais para evitar atividades potencialmente proibidas ou ilegais, fraude, apropriação indevida, infrações, roubos de identidade e qualquer outra utilização indevida dos Serviços e para fazer cumprir os Termos, bem como para proteger a segurança ou integridade das nossas bases de dados e dos Serviços, e para tomar precauções contra responsabilidade legal. Este tratamento baseia-se nos nossos interesses legítimos. 
Podemos recolher diferentes categorias de Dados Pessoais e de Dados Não Pessoais do utilizador, em função da natureza da sua interação com os Serviços fornecidos através do sítio Web, das Aplicações, dos Serviços Web e do Popular-Pays Marketplace, tal como acima descrito. Se combinarmos Dados Pessoais com Dados Não Pessoais, as informações combinadas serão tratadas como Dados Pessoais ou durante o tempo em que permanecerem combinadas. 
COMO RECOLHEMOS AS SUAS INFORMAÇÕES dependendo da natureza da sua interação connosco, podemos recolher as informações detalhadas acima referidas, da seguinte forma, Automaticamente, quando o utilizador visita o nosso sítio Web ou interage com os nossos serviços, incluindo através da utilização de Cookies (conforme detalhado abaixo) e tecnologias de rastreio semelhantes.
COMO RECOLHEMOS AS SUAS INFORMAÇÕES dependendo da natureza da sua interação connosco, podemos recolher as informações detalhadas acima referidas, da seguinte forma, Quando o utilizador opta voluntariamente por nos fornecer informações, como, por exemplo, quando nos contacta ou solicita uma demonstração, conforme descrito nesta Política.
COMO RECOLHEMOS AS SUAS INFORMAÇÕES dependendo da natureza da sua interação connosco, podemos recolher as informações detalhadas acima referidas, da seguinte forma, Pelos nossos prestadores de serviços terceiros que recolhem dados pessoais em nosso nome, tais como prestadores de serviços de análise.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, pixéis de rastreio (também conhecidos como GIF transparentes e web beacons), kits de desenvolvimento de software de terceiros (SDK), conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, fornecer e melhorar o nosso Web site, a plataforma online e os seus serviços ou as nossas Aplicações. Utilizamos Cookies para vários propósitos Preferências: este tipo de cookie ajuda-nos a proteger e a manter os nossos serviços e memoriza as suas preferências para que não tenha de as voltar a definir sempre que nos visita.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, pixéis de rastreio (também conhecidos como GIF transparentes e web beacons), kits de desenvolvimento de software de terceiros (SDK), conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, fornecer e melhorar o nosso Web site, a plataforma online e os seus serviços ou as nossas Aplicações. Utilizamos Cookies para vários propósitos Cookies de estatísticas: estas ferramentas são utilizadas para fins analíticos, para melhor compreender a utilização dos serviços, aplicações e sítios Web.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, pixéis de rastreio (também conhecidos como GIF transparentes e web beacons), kits de desenvolvimento de software de terceiros (SDK), conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, fornecer e melhorar o nosso Web site, a plataforma online e os seus serviços ou as nossas Aplicações. Utilizamos Cookies para vários propósitos Cookies de Registo: Quando o utilizador se regista e inicia sessão, geramos cookies que nos permitem saber se o utilizador está ou não iniciado.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES podemos utilizar cookies, pixéis de rastreio (também conhecidos como GIF transparentes e web beacons), kits de desenvolvimento de software de terceiros (SDK), conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, fornecer e melhorar o nosso Web site, a plataforma online e os seus serviços ou as nossas Aplicações. Utilizamos Cookies para vários propósitos Cookies de Marketing: Estes cookies permitem-nos saber se o utilizador viu ou não um anúncio ou um tipo de anúncio, como interagiu com esse anúncio e quanto tempo passou desde que o viu. Também utilizamos cookies para nos ajudar com publicidade direcionada. Podemos estabelecer parcerias com redes de anúncios e outros fornecedores de serviços de anúncios que apresentam anúncios em nosso nome e em nome de outros em plataformas não afiliadas. Alguns desses anúncios podem ser personalizados, o que significa que se destinam a ser relevantes para o utilizador com base em informações que as redes de anúncios e os fornecedores de serviços de anúncios recolhem sobre a utilização do nosso Web site e de outros sites ou aplicações ao longo do tempo, incluindo informações sobre relações entre diferentes navegadores e dispositivos. Este tipo de publicidade é conhecido como publicidade baseada em interesses.
Para mais informações sobre os cookies utilizados, consulte a nossa Política de Cookies. 
PARTILHA DE DADOS, CATEGORIAS DE DESTINATÁRIOS COM OS QUAIS PARTILHAMOS DADOS PESSOAIS partilhamos os seus dados com terceiros, incluindo os nossos parceiros ou fornecedores de serviços que nos ajudam a fornecer os nossos Serviços. Pode encontrar aqui informações sobre as categorias desses destinatários terceiros.
CATEGORIA DE DESTINATÁRIO
DADOS QUE PODEM SER PARTILHADOS
OBJETIVO DA PARTILHA 
Prestadores de serviços essenciais, que tratam os dados em nosso nome, com o objetivo de prestar os serviços, assegurar e melhorar os serviços. 
Todos os dados, exceto os que são armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo.
Podemos divulgar Dados Pessoais aos nossos fornecedores de serviços de confiança que fornecem tecnologia ou plataformas essenciais para a prestação dos Serviços ("Fornecedores de Serviços Essenciais"). Esses prestadores de serviços essenciais incluem serviços de alojamento e de co localização de servidores, redes de comunicações e de distribuição de conteúdos (CDN), fornecedores de serviços Internet, sistemas operativos e plataformas, serviços de segurança de dados e cibernética, serviços de deteção de fraudes, serviços de faturação e de processamento de pagamentos, serviços de expedição e de tratamento, serviços de registo de sessões ou de atividades, sistemas de apoio e de gestão das relações com os clientes. Os prestadores de serviços essenciais têm acesso ou processam em nosso nome. Os prestadores de serviços essenciais estão proibidos de utilizar as informações pessoais do utilizador para outros fins que não o fornecimento dos serviços solicitados. 
Prestadores de Serviços de Marketing 
Dados de comportamento, dados de utilização, identificadores online, dados de conta e dados de definição de perfis.
Os nossos fornecedores de serviços de marketing, que processam em nosso nome determinados dados que utilizamos para o direcionar e lhe oferecer os nossos Serviços, ou que nos fornecem ferramentas para o fazer ("Fornecedores de serviços de marketing"). 
Consultores
Dados de conta e de registo, informações de contacto e quaisquer outros dados, exceto os dados armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo. 
Os nossos consultores jurídicos, financeiros e de conformidade ("Consultores") podem ser expostos a determinados Dados Pessoais. Os Consultores estão vinculados por obrigações de privilégio ou acordos de confidencialidade e estão proibidos de partilhar quaisquer Dados Pessoais, exceto para prestar os serviços que solicitámos. 
Plataformas de terceiros 
Dados de registo, Criações e atividade do Mercado Popular Pays. 
Os nossos serviços podem incluir ligações a sítios Web de terceiros e integrações com serviços de terceiros. Esses sítios Web e serviços de terceiros, bem como quaisquer informações que o utilizador processe, submeta, transmita, armazene ou de outra forma utilize com esses sítios Web e serviços de terceiros, estão fora do âmbito dos termos de utilização e da Política de Privacidade da Lightricks e, por conseguinte, serão regidos pelos termos e práticas e políticas de privacidade desses terceiros e não pela presente Política de Privacidade. Além disso, se os Serviços se integrarem com um serviço de terceiros, a API que efetua a integração permitirá que o terceiro em causa lhe forneça determinados conteúdos e aceda a alguns dos seus conteúdos. Por exemplo, se o utilizador pretender carregar ou partilhar o seu conteúdo com um serviço integrado de terceiros, como o Instagram ou o TikTok, ou utilizar determinadas funcionalidades desses serviços, a API permitirá que o terceiro aplicável aceda ao seu conteúdo (como a sua biblioteca de fotografias). 
Outros utilizadores 
Criações, nome, informações de contacto. 
Devido à natureza das apps e à funcionalidade Lightricks Feed, determinados Dados Pessoais disponíveis nas Apps são visíveis a outros utilizadores Lightricks nessa App, por exemplo, o seu nome de utilizador, gostos e comentários sobre outros conteúdos. Nunca partilharemos as suas fotografias ou vídeos com outros utilizadores, a menos que o utilizador opte ativamente por fazê-lo. 
Subsidiárias e empresas afiliadas
Todos os dados, exceto os que são armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo.
Podemos partilhar Dados Pessoais, internamente no nosso grupo ou no caso de uma transação empresarial (por exemplo, venda de uma parte substancial do nosso negócio, fusão, consolidação ou venda de ativos). Na eventualidade do acima exposto, as nossas empresas afiliadas ou a empresa adquirente assumirão os direitos e obrigações descritos nesta Política. 
Terceiros, autoridades, fornecedores de segurança, agências governamentais ou terceiros autorizado
Quaisquer dados, exceto os que são armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo, dependendo da finalidade e das necessidades. 
Para proteger os direitos e a segurança dos nossos serviços e Apps, podemos partilhar Dados Pessoais com outros se acreditarmos de boa-fé que isso ajudará a proteger os direitos, a propriedade ou a segurança pessoal dos utilizadores ou indivíduos, ou de qualquer membro do público em geral. Isto incluirá fins legais e de aplicação da lei, ou seja, em resposta a um pedido verificado relacionado com actos terroristas, investigações criminais ou alegadas atividades ilegais ou qualquer outra atividade que nos possa expor a nós, a si ou a qualquer outro utilizador a responsabilidade legal, e apenas na medida do necessário para cumprir esse objetivo. Essa divulgação ou acesso pode ocorrer se acreditarmos de boa-fé que: se formos legalmente obrigados a fazê-lo; se a divulgação for adequada no âmbito dos esforços para investigar, prevenir ou tomar medidas relativamente a atividades ilegais, fraudes ou outras irregularidades reais ou suspeitas; ou se essa divulgação for necessária para proteger os nossos interesses comerciais legítimos, incluindo a segurança ou a integridade dos nossos serviços. 
Quando partilhamos informações com prestadores de serviços e parceiros, garantimos que estes apenas têm acesso às informações estritamente necessárias para a prestação dos serviços. Estas partes são obrigadas a proteger os dados que recebem e a utilizar os dados apenas para fins previamente acordados, assegurando o cumprimento de todos os regulamentos de proteção de dados aplicáveis (esses prestadores de serviços podem utilizar outros dados não pessoais em seu próprio benefício).
DIREITOS DO UTILIZADOR reconhecemos que cada pessoa tem preocupações e preferências diferentes em matéria de privacidade. O nosso objetivo é sermos claros quanto às informações que recolhemos, para que o utilizador possa fazer escolhas significativas quanto à forma como estas são utilizadas. Permitimos que o utilizador exerça determinadas opções, direitos e controlos relacionados com as suas informações. Dependendo da sua relação connosco, da sua jurisdição e das leis de proteção de dados que se aplicam a si, tem o direito de controlar e solicitar que certas limitações ou direitos sejam executados.
Para residentes na Califórnia, Virginia e Colorado consulte o nosso Aviso de Privacidade CCPA. 
Para obter informações pormenorizadas sobre os seus direitos e a forma de os exercer, consulte o formulário de pedido do titular dos dados ("DSR") disponível aqui e envie-o para o nosso DPO: dpo@lightricks.com. 
Além disso, existem determinados direitos disponíveis na aplicação: o utilizador pode corrigir, rever e apagar informações das definições da aplicação em qualquer altura, qualquer consentimento dado pode ser facilmente retirado e o utilizador pode optar por não participar em determinadas funcionalidades e rastreios, pelo que recomendamos que utilize as soluções técnicas que lhe fornecemos para exercer os seus direitos.
Por fim, poderá eliminar a subscrição de anúncios baseados em interesses através as definições do dispositivo ou eliminando a subscrição a partir da página web Iniciativa de Publicidade em Rede ("NAI"), Eliminar subscrição de consumidor NAI e a página web Aliança de Publicidade Digital ("DAA"), Página de eliminação de subscrição DAA.
RETENÇÃO DE DADOS em geral, a menos que um período de retenção diferente seja descrito acima, retemos os Dados Pessoais que recolhemos durante o tempo que for necessário para os fins acima definidos, quando permitido por lei ou regulamento, ou até que o utilizador expresse a sua preferência de exclusão, quando aplicável.
Outras circunstâncias em que podemos reter os seus Dados Pessoais por períodos mais longos quando permitido por lei ou regulamento incluem: se formos obrigados a fazê-lo de acordo com requisitos legais, regulamentares, fiscais ou contabilísticos, ou para que tenhamos um registo exato das suas relações connosco em caso de reclamações ou contestações, ou se acreditarmos razoavelmente que existe uma perspetiva de litígio relacionado com os seus Dados Pessoais. 
Tenha em atenção que, exceto quando exigido pela lei aplicável ou pelos nossos acordos específicos com o utilizador, não somos obrigados a reter os seus Dados Pessoais por qualquer período específico e somos livres de os eliminar de forma segura ou de restringir o acesso aos mesmos por qualquer motivo e em qualquer altura, com ou sem aviso prévio ao utilizador. Se tiver quaisquer questões sobre a nossa política de retenção de dados, contacte-nos através do e-mail: dpo@lightricks.com. 
MEDIDAS DE SEGURANÇA implementamos medidas técnicas, organizacionais e de segurança adequadas e padrão da indústria para reduzir os riscos de danos (ou perda) de informações, ou qualquer acesso ou uso não autorizado de informações. No entanto, estas medidas não garantem uma segurança absoluta da informação. Por conseguinte, embora sejam envidados esforços para proteger os seus dados pessoais, tal não é garantido e o utilizador não pode esperar que os serviços sejam imunes a riscos ou ataques à segurança das informações. Além disso, como a segurança das informações depende em parte da segurança do computador, dispositivo ou rede que utiliza para comunicar connosco, a segurança dos seus Dados Pessoais também depende de si. Certifique-se de que toma as medidas adequadas para utilizar redes e dispositivos seguros e para proteger as suas credenciais de acesso.
Contacte-nos através do e-mail: dpo@lightricks.com se considerar que a sua privacidade não foi tratada corretamente, de uma forma que viola a nossa Política de Privacidade, ou se tiver conhecimento de uma tentativa de terceiros de obter acesso não autorizado a quaisquer dos seus Dados Pessoais. Envidaremos todos os esforços razoáveis para notificar o utilizador e as autoridades competentes (se exigido pela legislação aplicável) no caso de descobrirmos um incidente de segurança relacionado com os seus Dados Pessoais. 
TRANSFERÊNCIA DE DADOS INTERNACIONAIS os nossos servidores de dados, nos quais alojamos e armazenamos as informações, estão localizados a nível mundial, incluindo nos EUA e na UE. A sede está localizada em Israel, onde podemos aceder às informações armazenadas em servidores locais, servidores de alojamento em nuvem ou outros sistemas e plataformas utilizados. No caso de precisarmos de transferir os seus Dados Pessoais para fora da sua jurisdição, tomaremos as medidas adequadas para garantir que os seus Dados Pessoais recebem um nível adequado de proteção, conforme exigido pela legislação aplicável. Além disso, quando os Dados Pessoais recolhidos no Espaço Económico Europeu ("EEE"), no Reino Unido ou na Suíça forem transferidos para fora dessa jurisdição, para um país que não tenha recebido uma decisão de adequação da Comissão Europeia ou do ICO, tomaremos as medidas necessárias para assegurar que são fornecidas garantias suficientes durante a transferência desses Dados Pessoais, de acordo com as disposições das Cláusulas Contratuais-tipo da UE, do Reino Unido ou da Suíça. Assim, obteremos compromissos contratuais ou garantias do importador de dados para proteger os seus Dados Pessoais, utilizando proteções contratuais que os reguladores tenham pré-aprovado para garantir a proteção dos seus dados.
ELEGIBILIDADE E PRIVACIDADE DE CRIANÇAS os serviços não se destinam a ser utilizados por crianças (a expressão "criança" significa um indivíduo com idade inferior à definida pela legislação aplicável, que no que respeita ao EEE é inferior a 16 anos e, no que respeita aos EUA, inferior a 13 anos) e não processamos intencionalmente informações de crianças. Eliminaremos todas as informações que recebermos de um utilizador que seja considerado "criança" imediatamente após descobrirmos que esse utilizador partilhou informações connosco. Contacte-nos através do e-mail: dpo@lightricks.com se tiver motivos para acreditar que uma criança partilhou alguma informação connosco.
14. ESPECIFICAÇÕES.
Brasil: Criámos esta secção especificamente para os utilizadores do Brasil. Os utilizadores no Brasil têm determinados direitos de privacidade, conforme especificado na legislação brasileira, incluindo a Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais ("LGPD"). A nossa Política de Privacidade e os controlos de privacidade que oferecemos a todos os utilizadores estão em conformidade com estas leis, este aviso garante que cobrimos os requisitos específicos do Brasil. Por exemplo, todos os utilizadores podem solicitar uma cópia dos seus dados, pedir a sua eliminação e controlar as suas definições de privacidade na aplicação. 
As informações sobre o responsável pelo tratamento de dados estão disponíveis na Secção 2. 
A base legal ao abrigo da LGPD é Contrato (cumprimento das obrigações do acordo que celebrámos), Interesse Legítimo (temos o direito, o interesse legítimo, de o fazer), Consentimento (pedimos a sua permissão) e Obrigações Legais. As Tabelas da Secção 4 detalham a base legal para o tratamento de cada conjunto de dados. 
EUA: consultar o nosso Aviso CCPA para especificações da Califórnia, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado e Connecticut. 
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDADE DA LIGHTRICKS
[Última modificação: 17 de agosto de 2023]
A Lightricks Ltd., inclusive as nossas subsidiárias e afiliadas (coletivamente, "Lightricks", "nós", "nossos" ou "nos"), envidamos esforços significativos para garantir que os dados pessoais que tratamos sejam armazenados com segurança e usados adequadamente e que as nossas práticas de dados sejam comunicadas com precisão aos nossos usuários e usuários em potencial.
A Lightricks é pioneira em tecnologia inovadora que preenche a lacuna entre imaginação e criação. As ferramentas de edição de fotos e vídeos da Lightricks oferecem possibilidades e inspiração infinitas, proporcionando aos indivíduos, criadores de conteúdo ou influenciadores a capacidade de monetizar o seu trabalho e oferecer às marcas oportunidades de dimensionar seus conteúdos por meio de parcerias personalizadas com criadores. A Lightricks é uma empresa global, oferecendo esses serviços, aplicativos e tecnologia mundialmente. 
Esta Política de Privacidade ("Política" ou "Política de Privacidade") descreve como coletamos, armazenamos, usamos e revelamos informações durante o uso dos serviços, tecnologias e aplicativos detalhados aqui. Tentamos detalhar esses processos de maneira simples e fácil, mas como a Lightricks oferece diversos aplicativos móveis e para a internet (cada um dos quais, um "Aplicativo"), recursos e feeds ("Feed da Lightricks") e um mercado online ("Popular Pays Marketplace") conectando marcas e agências ("Marcas") e indivíduos, criadores de conteúdo e influenciadores ("Criador(es)"), todos os quais processam as suas informações de maneira diferente, recomendamos que você leia com atenção e entre em contato conosco caso tenha outras dúvidas. 
Esta Política é aplicável a (coletiva e separadamente, referido como "você" ou "seu"): clientes em potencial e visitantes navegando nos nossos sites, páginas iniciais, interagindo com anúncios e campanhas que promovam os nossos serviços, blogs ou outros formulários da internet ("Cliente em Potencial" ou "Visitante"); usuários que instalem e usem os nossos aplicativos; Marcas e Criadores que usem o Popular Pays Marketplace; e quaisquer indivíduos que usem os nossos serviços. 
Caso você resida no Colorado, Virgínia ou Califórnia, consulte a nossa Notificação de Privacidade CCPA ("Notificação CCPA") além desta Política de Privacidade. 
Você não é obrigado em nenhum momento a nos enviar dados ou informações pessoais. 
ATUALIZAÇÕES E ALTERAÇÕES poderemos atualizar e alterar esta Política ocasionalmente, a nosso exclusivo critério. A versão mais recente da Política estará sempre acessível no site ou nos aplicativos. A data de atualização da Política será refletida no título "Última Modificação". Em caso de alteração relevante ou se exigido por lei enviaremos notificação refletindo essas alterações. Alterações da Política entrarão em vigor em até 30 dias após publicarmos a Política modificada. Recomendamos que examine esta Política periodicamente para assegurar que compreenda as nossas práticas de privacidade mais atualizadas.
INFORMAÇÕES DE CONTATO E FUNÇÕES a Lightricks Ltd. foi constituída ao amparo das leis do Estado de Israel e, a menos que explicitamente mencionado na tabela abaixo, é a Controladora dos Dados Pessoais (conforme tais termos são definidos no Regulamento Geral de Proteção de Dados, "RGPD" ou em legislação de privacidade equivalente).
Em caso de perguntas, consultas ou dúvidas relativas a esta Política de Privacidade ou ao tratamento dos seus Dados Pessoais, você poderá entrar em contato conosco da seguinte forma informações de contato do EPD: dpo@lightricks.com
Pelo correio.
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalém, Israel, 9190401
Informações de contato do representante dos titulares de dados na UE e no Reino Unido nomeamos representantes na Alemanha e no Reino Unido para assuntos de proteção de dados relativos a titulares de dados da UE e do Reino Unido.
Consultas relativas às nossas práticas de privacidade na UE podem ser enviadas ao nosso Representante de Proteção de Dados ("RPD") conforme segue informações de contato do RPD: dpr@lightricks.com
Pelo correio.
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Street 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Alemanha.
Consultas relativas às nossas práticas de privacidade no Reino Unido podem ser enviadas ao nosso RPD no Reino Unido conforme segue informações de contato do RPD no Reino Unido: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
Pelo correio.
Lightricks (UK), 
Número de registro ICO: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT, Reino Unido.
TIPOS DE CONJUNTOS DE DADOS TRATADOS 
Durante o seu uso ou interação com os serviços coletamos informações agregadas, não pessoais e não identificáveis ("Dados Não Pessoais"). Os dados não pessoais coletados incluem informações de uso agregadas, informações anonimizadas e informações técnicas, como: tipo de navegador ou dispositivo, preferência de idioma, marcação de data e horário etc. 
Além disso, coletamos informações que identificam um indivíduo ou que podem, com esforço razoável, ser usadas para identificar um indivíduo ("Dados Pessoais"). Os tipos de Dados Pessoais que coletamos, bem como a finalidade do tratamento desses dados, são especificados na tabela abaixo. Para evitar dúvidas, Dados Não Pessoais conectados ou vinculados a Dados Pessoais serão considerados Dados Pessoais, desde que tal conexão ou vínculo exista. 
Poderemos processar tratar dados demográficos e certos critérios de definição de perfis, que são inferidos a partir dos conjuntos de dados listados abaixo. Por exemplo, a partir das suas fotos poderemos determinar o seu gênero e idade. 
FINALIDADE, BASE LEGAL E OPERAÇÕES DE TRATAMENTO
Detalhamos a seguir, para cada ativo e serviço, os Dados Pessoais tratados, a finalidade e operação e a base legal para tal tratamento. Há quatro tabelas abaixo. A Tabela A detalha os Dados Pessoais tratados durante o uso dos nossos Aplicativos, a Tabela B detalha os Dados Pessoais usados para desenvolvimento, aprendizado de máquina de IA ou usados de outro modo para fins internos, a Tabela C detalha os Dados Pessoais tratados durante o uso do Popular Pays Marketplace e a Tabela D detalha os Dados Pessoais tratados quando você interage com o nosso site, anúncios ou de outro modo. 
TABELA A: APLICATIVOS 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
FINALIDADE E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Dados da Conta após instalar o Aplicativo você fará login e criará a sua conta (para usuários de iOS a criação de uma conta é opcional).
Você pode optar por fazer login usando a sua conta da Apple, Facebook ou Google ou então inserindo o seu endereço de e-mail e escolhendo uma senha. 
Caso faça login pelo Facebook, Google ou Apple, receberemos informações relacionadas a tal conta (dependendo das configurações de privacidade que você escolheu), como o seu nome, foto do perfil, lista de amigos, dados demográficos e localização. 
Usamos os Dados da Conta para criar uma conta para autenticar a sua identidade. Caso você use vários aplicativos e tenha se inscrito, poderemos identificá-lo nesses diversos Aplicativos e compartilhar as informações tratadas em cada um deles. Também enviaremos faturas, materiais e conteúdo, inclusive materiais de marketing, pelo endereço de e-mail que você informou durante o registro ("Marketing Direto").
O tratamento dos Dados da Conta é necessário para o cumprimento de um contrato.
O tratamento para Marketing Direto está sujeito ao nosso interesse legítimo e você pode cancelar a inscrição a qualquer momento. Observe que, mesmo se você cancelar a assinatura, certos e-mails operacionais ainda serão enviados. 
Identificadores Online e Dados de Uso quando você usa os Aplicativos, nós ou nossos parceiros terceirizados o identificamos por meio de Identificadores Online. "Identificadores Online" são identificadores exclusivos, inclusive IDFA ou AAID, endereço de IP, ID de dispositivo, ID de cookies, agente etc.
Também tratamos, direta ou indiretamente por meio dos nossos parceiros terceirizados, dados de uso que poderão estar associados ou não aos Identificadores Online. Quando associados a um Identificador Online serão tratados como Dados Pessoais, caso contrário, se os dados de uso forem agregados, anonimizados ou desidentificados, não serão considerados Dados Pessoais. 
Os dados de uso incluem informações relativas à sua interação com o Aplicativo, recursos usados, duração do uso, dados de fluxo de cliques, erros ocorridos, bem como a sua interação com o conteúdo ou anúncios exibidos, registros de publicidade e conteúdo exibidos em páginas ou telas de Aplicativos exibidas a você e qualquer interação que possa ter tido com tal conteúdo ou publicidade (coletivamente, "Dados de Uso"). 
Identificadores Online e Dados de Uso são usados para fins analíticos e operacionais, correção de erros e bugs, ajuste de preferência de idioma, se aplicável, para possibilitar que use o aplicativo e apresentar a você as suas funcionalidades. 
Alguns dos Aplicativos exibem ainda anúncios baseados em interesses ou outros tipos de marketing e promoções baseados nos Dados de Uso. 
Quando o tratamento for para marketing ou rastreamento, trataremos os Dados Pessoais exclusivamente com base em consentimento. 
Quando o tratamento de Dados Pessoais for para operações e oferecimento de funcionalidades do Aplicativo, a base legal seria a necessidade contratual. 
Por fim, os Dados Pessoais podem ser tratados de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo de compreender como os nossos serviços são usados, corrigir erros e aprimorar a experiência, inclusive personalizando ofertas e promoções. 
Imagens, fotos e vídeos para habilitar os serviços você nos dará acesso à sua galeria de fotos ou carregará fotos da sua galeria. Imagens, fotos e vídeos são tratados no seu dispositivo para determinar a localização estimada de partes de rostos (como olhos, nariz ou boca) e pontos no rosto e nos olhos, que são aplicados a um modelo genérico de rosto usado para ajudar você a editar imagens e vídeos em tempo real ("Dados de Rosto").
Também coletamos dados demográficos tratados em dispositivos iOS, como idade e gênero das suas imagens, fotos e vídeos.
Quando fotos e imagens são usadas para criar obras de arte ou adicionar efeitos às suas criações, a imagem selecionada é carregada na Lightricks Cloud. Nenhum dado é tratado por esses efeitos ou usado para identificar você e nenhum dado é armazenado na Lightricks Cloud, exceto a imagem original e a imagem de saída, que são excluídas em 30 dias, a menos que você solicite de outra forma.
Tratamos os dados para possibilitar o uso dos recursos disponíveis nos Aplicativos, inclusive a capacidade de editar as suas imagens, vídeos e mídia. 
Trataremos os dados demográficos para comercializar ofertas personalizadas da Lightricks. Não usamos as suas fotos, vídeos ou Dados de Rosto reais para fins de marketing e essas informações não são compartilhadas com terceiros. 
Dados de Rosto são tratados no seu dispositivo. Não coletamos ou armazenamos Dados de Rosto nos nossos servidores nem os compartilhamos com terceiros. 
Tratamos as imagens, vídeos e fotos, inclusive os Dados de Rosto com a finalidade de oferecer os serviços e cumprir as nossas obrigações contratuais com você. 
Caso opte por armazenar projetos que usem Dados de Rosto, os dados serão armazenados no seu dispositivo até que exclua o projeto, o projeto seja excluído automaticamente devido a limites de armazenamento ou você exclua o Aplicativo.
Caso tenha concedido acesso à sua galeria de fotos, você pode revogar a permissão a qualquer momento. 
Ferramentas de IA e Avatares certos aplicativos incluem tecnologia de inteligência artificial ("IA") para editar imagens, fotos e vídeos, criar avatares mágicos personalizados ("Avatares"), movimentos e efeitos, estilos de arte, texto para imagem etc. (coletivamente "Saídas").
Para isso, trataremos as imagens e vídeos originais enviados ("Entradas") na Lightricks Cloud. A nossa tecnologia de IA usa detecção de rosto para determinar a postura, localização e outras características não identificáveis de rostos que apareçam no quadro e pode processar Dados Pessoais de não usuários, conforme descrito na seção abaixo. 
As Saídas geralmente são armazenadas no seu dispositivo e não temos acesso ou controle sobre ele; no entanto, os seus Avatares adquiridos são armazenados na Lightricks Cloud para que permaneçam acessíveis para por meio do Aplicativo a qualquer momento e em qualquer dispositivo até que você decida excluí-los. 
Usamos os dados carregados na Lightricks Cloud, ou seja, as Entradas e Saídas, com a finalidade de oferecer os Serviços e gerar as Saídas. 
Para criar os Avatares tratamos de 10 a 25 imagens como Entradas finalidade de oferecer os Serviços e cumprir as nossas obrigações contratuais com você. Atualmente estamos usando a Difusão Estável do modelo de redes neurais que possibilita aos usuários gerar Avatares personalizados. 
As Saídas são excluídas em 24 horas, a menos que sejam oferecidas para criar o Avatar, caso em que serão excluídas imediatamente após a criação do Avatar. 
Dados Pessoais de Não Usuários quando pudermos constatar que você compartilhou dados pessoais de não usuários conosco, como as imagens ou vídeos que você enviar em conexão com o nosso recurso de "avatares de casais", usaremos as imagens ou vídeos para gerar o avatar ou outras Saídas e excluiremos as Entradas permanentemente da Lightricks Cloud.
Além disso, você poderá convidar amigos para usar os nossos Aplicativos. Ao fazer isso, você será solicitado a compartilhar os dados de contato dos seus amigos (como endereço de e-mail ou número de telefone). 
Tratamos a foto exclusivamente com a finalidade de oferecer os Serviços e não faremos nenhum outro uso da foto original. 
Trataremos os dados de contato do seu amigo somente com a finalidade de enviar um convite para usar os Serviços e não usaremos esses dados para nenhuma outra finalidade. 
Interesse legítimo de oferecer os Serviços ao nosso Usuário. 
Suporte.
Quando você entrar em contato conosco para suporte ao cliente, trataremos as suas informações de contato. 
Usaremos as informações de contato para prestar o suporte ao cliente necessário. Manteremos essa correspondência pelo tempo que for necessário e para comprovar que o suporte foi prestado. 
Trataremos essas informações para oferecer os serviços de suporte e cumprir as obrigações contratuais. 
Pesquisa e feedback poderemos solicitar que você envie feedback sobre os nossos serviços. Caso opte por atender à nossa solicitação de feedback ou participar da nossa pesquisa, coletaremos o seu feedback e dados de contato, como o seu nome, endereço de e-mail etc.
Usamos essas informações para melhorar, revisar e melhorar o nosso Serviço, bem como para otimizar e personalizar os Serviços. 
Tratamos essas informações de acordo com o seu consentimento. Você poderá retirar o consentimento a qualquer momento entrando em contato conosco usando os dados de contato informados aqui.
Dados de compras certos recursos e serviços estão sujeitos a pagamento, seja em aplicativos ou em assinaturas. Os pagamentos são feitos por meio de compra em aplicativo ("IAP") por serviços de pagamento de terceiros; no entanto, tratamos os dados das transações comerciais, como registros de compras e preços; dados de envio (se aplicável); endereço, número de telefone de contato e e-mail.
Usamos essas informações para processar os seus pagamentos. 
Poderemos usar serviços e plataformas de terceiros para tratar os Dados de Pagamento, como Adyen e Paypal ou por meio do IAP em que o Google Play ou a Apple Store regeriam tais pagamentos. Consequentemente, transações processadas por plataformas de terceiros serão regidas por suas próprias políticas de privacidade e termos, que recomendamos que você analise. 
Cumprimento do nosso contrato com você. 
Mídias sociais.
Quando você usa o feed da Lightricks ou compartilha as suas criações nas mídias sociais, tratamos os Dados Pessoais que você disponibilizar, como fotos de perfil, nome, endereço de e-mail, contas de mídia social e reações a postagens do feed ("Dados de Feed").
Usamos os Dados de Feed para oferecer a você os Serviços de Feed da Lightricks e possibilitar a sua interação com mídias sociais de terceiros.
Tratos Dados de Feed para o cumprimento de um contrato com você. Observe que as informações que decidir tornar públicas talvez não possam ser excluídas, mesmo que você exclua o Aplicativo e a Conta. 
Permissões.
Dependendo do Aplicativo usado ou dos recursos de que deseje desfrutar, você será solicitado a nos conceder permissões de acesso, como: acesso à galeria de fotos, habilitar ferramentas de rastreamento, notificações push, acesso às suas contas sociais etc. ("Permissões de Aplicativos"). 
Usaremos essas permissões para tratar as informações necessárias para oferecer ou aprimorar o Serviço. 
Para acessar essas Permissões de Aplicativos, você precisará habilitá-las ativa e explicitamente por meio de uma permissão no aplicativo ou nas configurações do celular. Você pode desabilitar as Permissões de Aplicativos a qualquer momento, mas observe que dependendo da Permissão de Aplicativo que você desabilitar algum ou todos os recursos podem não funcionar corretamente. 
Para mais informações sobre os SDKs integrados nos nossos Aplicativos, veja abaixo usamos provedores de serviços de analítica de terceiros, como o Google Analytics, os serviços Crashlytics e Firebase do Google e o Facebook. Poderemos divulgar as suas informações para esses provedores de analítica para ajudar-nos a saber mais sobre como você e outras pessoas usam os nossos serviços appsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
Revelaremos as informações para provedores de serviços de analítica de terceiros para fins de marketing e operacionais, correção de erros e bugs, ajuste de preferência de idioma, se aplicável, para possibilitar que use o aplicativo e apresentar a você as suas funcionalidades. 
Quando o tratamento for para marketing ou rastreamento, trataremos os Dados Pessoais exclusivamente com base em consentimento. Caso contrário, trataremos esses SDKs de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo. 
TABELA B: APRENDIZADO DE MÁQUINA DE IA E DESENVOLVIMENTO INTERNO 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
FINALIDADE E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Dados de Uso; 
Entradas, inclusive a postura, localização e outras características não identificadoras de rostos detectados em entradas pela nossa tecnologia de IA (mas não incluindo Dados de Rosto, conforme definidos acima). 
Usaremos os dados para enriquecer o conteúdo e melhorar os recursos disponíveis nos Serviços. 
Usaremos essas informações para personalizar o serviço oferecido, adaptar as ofertas aos seus interesses e oferecer produtos, aplicativos ou serviços adicionais da Lightricks que acreditamos que você gostará. 
Para melhorar a tecnologia de IA e oferecer melhores Serviços, usamos partes das Entradas de forma anonimizada, para treinar o algoritmo e criar modelos (como modelos de difusão, GAN e outros). A entrada não pode estar vinculada, identificada ou usada para identificar você. Não usaremos as Entradas por inteiro, mas trataremos algumas cópias extraídas delas. 
Não poderemos e não pretendemos autenticar ou identificar especificamente você ou outras pessoas usando esses modelos. 
Além disso, rotulamos automaticamente certas imagens detectadas nas suas Entradas, como "cachorro", "gato" e homem ou mulher para melhorar o desempenho dos recursos de IA, como conversão de texto em imagem e criação de Avatares e para fins de rotulagem de dados para uso em aprendizado de máquina. Observe que os dados rotulados não estão vinculados a nenhum indivíduo identificado.
O aprendizado de máquina e a rotulagem de dados são tratados de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo de melhorar os nossos Serviços e tecnologia. Asseguramos que informações de identificação, como identificadores de dispositivos ou Identificadores Online, não serão associadas às informações usadas para aprendizado e treinamento, inclusive as Entradas, significando que as Entradas não podem ser reidentificadas ou associadas a você.
Exceto conforme detalhado acima, modelos usados para treinamento e aprendizado são excluídos em 180 dias. 
Observe que fazemos o possível para moderar a configuração do modelo de IA para não incluir nenhum conteúdo impróprio ou prejudicial; no entanto, é de sua exclusiva responsabilidade fazer upload de imagens, vídeos e outros conteúdos que não sejam ilegais, caluniosos, difamatórios ou obscenos, pornográficos, indecentes, lascivos, sugestivos, intimidadores, ameaçadores, invasivos da privacidade ou de direitos de publicidade, abusivos, insufladores, fraudulentos e que não possam ser interpretados como conteúdo prejudicial. Entre em contato conosco pelo dpo@lightricks.com caso considere que algum conteúdo seja ofensivo. O uso das tecnologias de IA também está sujeito aos Termos de IA, disponíveis em: website_url_lnk 
TABELA C: POPULAR PAYS MARKETPLACE 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
FINALIDADE E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Registro.
Quando a Marca se cadastrar no Popular Pays Marketplace, deverá preencher os dados de contato dos usuários autorizados (nome, número de telefone, e-mail, site etc.). 
Após o registo e criação da Conta de Marca, a Marca terá acesso ao painel que incluirá dados complementares sobre as suas campanhas, estatísticas e análises relativas às campanhas, envolvimento dos usuários etc. 
Usamos essas informações para criar uma conta, proporcionar gerenciamento da conta, permitir a sua interação com os Criadores, conduzir campanhas de marketing, oferecer suporte e os Serviços solicitados. 
As percepções de campanhas são apresentadas de maneira analítica agregada. 
O tratamento é necessário para o cumprimento de um contrato. 
Contas de Criador um Criador precisará criar um portfólio que inclua o nome completo, endereço de e-mail, idade, sexo, localização, endereço de envio, dados demográficos, informações de pagamento (que incluirão os dados de sua conta bancária ou conta Apple-Pay/Google-Pay), sua profissão ou especializações (por exemplo: estilo de vida, moda, beleza, planejamento financeiro), preferências de idioma etc.
As informações que você disponibilizar por meio do portfólio são considerada "Dados de Portfólio".
Além disso, para participar de campanhas o Criador precisará carregar as suas criações no portfólio, integrar as suas contas de mídias sociais por meio das quais as Marcas poderão analisar o trabalho do Criador, sua biografia e o tipo de seguidores com os quais o Criador interage. 
Usamos os Dados de Portfólio para criar o portfólio, disponibilizá-lo para análise das Marcas, permitir sua interação com as Marcas, proporcionar gerenciamento de contas, prestar suporte e os Serviços solicitados. 
Além disso, usaremos o conteúdo carregado e os Dados de Portfólio para criar percepções agregadas sobre o seu público e conteúdo (por exemplo: sexo, faixa etária, localização geográfica etc.).
Dados de Portfólio são necessários para o cumprimento das nossas obrigações contratuais na provisão dos serviços.
As percepções são tratadas de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo. 
As criações que você carregar também podem incluir Dados Pessoais. No entanto, somos o Tratador (como esses termos são definidos ao amparo do GDPR) de tais Dados Pessoais, hospedando as criações em seu nome. 
Dados de Uso coletamos informações sobre como, quando e onde você usa o serviço, acessa a Conta e as ações conduzidas no Popular Pays Marketplace.
Usamos essas informações unicamente com a finalidade de melhorar os Serviços, corrigindo bugs e erros. 
O tratamento é necessário para o cumprimento de um contrato. 
Suporte ao Cliente quando você entrar em contato conosco para suporte ao cliente, trataremos as suas informações de contato.
Usaremos as informações de contato para prestar o suporte ao cliente necessário. Manteremos essa correspondência pelo tempo que for necessário e para comprovar que o suporte foi prestado. 
Trataremos essas informações para oferecer os serviços de suporte e cumprir as obrigações contratuais. 
Marketing Direto.
Enviaremos comunicações de serviços e promoções de marketing, como novos recursos, ofertas adicionais, oportunidades especiais ou outras informações que acreditemos ser valiosas para você. 
Usaremos essas informações para manter você atualizado sobre ofertas e conteúdos e para operações (faturas, ofertas etc.). 
Tratamos essas informações de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo. Você pode cancelar a qualquer momento por meio do link "Cancelar a Inscrição" no e-mail. 
Campanhas.
Como Marca, oferecemos serviços que possibilitam que você apresente conteúdo relevante aos usuários finais, segmentado para um público específico. 
A campanha segmentada será direcionada a clientes em potencial que pareçam ter interesses iguais ou similares aos clientes existentes da Marca, com base nos segmentos que coletamos e analisamos ("Percepções").
Usamos essas percepções para segmentar campanhas em representação da Marca, como parte dos serviços prestados por meio do Marketplace. 
Tratamos isso em representação da marca como Tratador (conforme tal termo está definido no GDPR) e de acordo com instruções da Marca. 
Marcar uma demonstração caso opte por marcar uma demonstração gratuita, será solicitado que você nos informe o seu nome completo, número de telefone e o endereço de e-mail da empresa.
Usaremos isso para fornecer as informações ou prover os serviços que solicitou.
Tratamos essas informações de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo. 
Usamos essas informações para processar os seus pagamentos. 
Poderemos usar serviços e plataformas de terceiros para tratar os Dados de Pagamento, como Adyen, Stripe, Braintre e Paypal ou por meio do IAP em que o Google Play ou a Apple Store regeriam tais pagamentos. Consequentemente, transações que sejam processadas por plataformas de terceiros serão regidas pelas suas próprias políticas de privacidade e termos, que recomendamos que você examine.
Necessidade contratual 
TABELA D: INTERAÇÃO DE CLIENTES EM POTENCIAL E INDIVÍDUOS COM O NOSSO SITE, ANÚNCIOS OU ATIVOS DIGITAIS 
CONJUNTO DE DADOS
FINALIDADE E OPERAÇÕES
BASE LEGAL 
Identificadores Online e Dados de Uso quando você interage com nosso site, coletamos direta ou indiretamente Identificadores Online e Dados de Uso (ou seja, horário e data de acesso, movimentos no site, fluxo de cliques, duração, URLs indicados, conteúdo visualizado etc.).
Tratamos essas informações para melhorar o site, identificar erros e bugs, bem como para fins estatísticos, analíticos e de marketing. 
Os Dados Pessoais coletados para operar o site, por meio de cookies primários, são baseados no nosso interesse legítimo de possibilitar a operação do site e dos serviços. 
Dependendo da sua jurisdição, cookies de terceiros somente poderão tratar Dados Pessoais caso você tenha dado consentimento por meio da notificação de cookies e da ferramenta de gerenciamento de consentimento usada no site. 
Você poderá retirar o consentimento a qualquer momento usando as configurações de preferências de cookies. 
Publicidade.
Quando comercializamos os serviços, usamos provedores ou ferramentas de terceiros para gerenciar essas campanhas publicitárias. Por meio dessas ferramentas coletamos informações como o percurso dos indivíduos, quando eles clicaram no nosso anúncio e se instalaram, assinaram ou se envolveram com tal campanha ou aplicativo. 
Conduzir, facilitar e otimizar as nossas campanhas de marketing, gerenciamento de anúncios e operações de vendas e gerenciar e exibir anúncios dos nossos produtos e serviços de forma mais eficaz, inclusive em outros sites e aplicativos. 
Sujeito ao seu consentimento por meio de permissão no aplicativo ou banner de cookies, conforme aplicável. 
Informações de contato
Caso entre em contato conosco voluntariamente por meio de bate-papo, e-mail ou outros meios ou envie feedback será solicitado que você nos envie algumas informações, como o seu nome, endereço de e-mail e informações adicionais que decida compartilhar conosco.
Caso esteja entrando em contato conosco em nome de outra pessoa, valorizamos sua assistência e cuidado com os outros, mas observe que é sua responsabilidade assegurar que qualquer pessoa cujos Dados Pessoais que envie esteja ciente dos princípios desta declaração e concorde que nos enviará Dados Pessoais para nós com base nisso.
Tratamos as informações para responder à sua consulta. Também poderemos tratar as informações de correspondência para melhorar os nossos serviços de vendas ou de suporte ao cliente.
Tratamos as informações de acordo com o nosso interesse legítimo para responder à sua consulta. Poderemos manter essa correspondência se formos legalmente obrigados a fazê-lo. 
Gravações de Chamadas ao entrar em contato com o nosso Cliente em Potencial poderemos gravar as chamadas ("Gravações de Chamadas").
Usamos essas Gravações de Chamadas para gerenciar, medir e melhorar os nossos esforços de vendas e aprimorar os nossos serviços. 
Tratamos Registros de Chamadas de acordo com o seu consentimento, que será obtido no início da nossa conversa. 
Registro para o Boletim Informativo caso se inscreva para receber o nosso boletim informativo, atualizações de blog ou outros materiais de marketing, você será solicitado a informar os seus dados de contato, como o seu endereço de e-mail.
Usaremos o seu e-mail para enviar o nosso boletim informativo e outros materiais de marketing. 
Tratamos essas informações de contato de acordo com o seu consentimento. Você poderá retirar o consentimento a qualquer momento pelo link "Cancelar a Inscrição" no e-mail ou entrando em contato conosco por e-mail. 
Observe que a operação de tratamento efetiva para cada finalidade de uso e a base legal detalhada na tabela acima poderão diferir. Tal operação de tratamento geralmente abrange um conjunto de operações feitas por meios automatizados, como coleta, armazenamento, uso, revelação por transmissão, apagamento ou destruição. A transferência de dados pessoais para países terceiros, conforme detalhado abaixo na Seção de Transferência Internacional de Dados, tem a mesma base legal estipulada na tabela acima. 
Além disso, poderemos usar certos Dados Pessoais para evitar atividades potencialmente proibidas ou ilegais, fraudes, apropriações indébitas, infrações, roubos de identidade e outros usos indevidos dos Serviços e para fazer cumprir os Termos, assim como para proteger a segurança ou integridade dos nossos bancos de dados e dos Serviços e tomar precauções contra responsabilidade legal. Esse tratamento é baseado nos nossos interesses legítimos. 
Poderemos coletar diferentes categorias de Dados Pessoais e Dados Não Pessoais de você, dependendo da natureza da sua interação com os Serviços prestados por meio do site, Aplicativos, Serviços da Internet e do Popular Pays Marketplace, conforme detalhado acima. Se combinarmos Dados Pessoais com Dados Não Pessoais, as informações combinadas serão tratadas como Dados Pessoais enquanto permanecerem combinadas. 
COMO COLETAMOS AS SUAS INFORMAÇÕES dependendo da natureza da sua interação conosco, poderemos coletar as informações detalhadas acima de você, conforme segue, Automaticamente, quando você visita o nosso site ou interage com os nossos serviços, inclusive por meio do uso de Cookies (conforme detalhado abaixo) e tecnologias de rastreamento similares.
COMO COLETAMOS AS SUAS INFORMAÇÕES dependendo da natureza da sua interação conosco, poderemos coletar as informações detalhadas acima de você, conforme segue, Quando você opta voluntariamente por nos enviar informações, como quando entra em contato conosco ou solicita uma demonstração, tudo conforme detalhado nesta Política.
COMO COLETAMOS AS SUAS INFORMAÇÕES dependendo da natureza da sua interação conosco, poderemos coletar as informações detalhadas acima de você, conforme segue, Por nossos provedores de serviços terceirizados que coletam dados pessoais em nossa representação, como provedores de serviços de analítica.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES poderemos usar cookies, pixels de rastreamento (também conhecidos como GIFs transparentes e sinalizadores da internet), conjuntos de desenvolvimento de softwares de terceiros conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, prover e melhorar o nosso site, plataforma online e seus serviços ou os nossos Aplicativos. Usamos Cookies para diversas finalidades Preferências: esse tipo de cookie nos ajuda a proteger e manter os nossos serviços e lembra as suas preferências para que você não precise reconfigurá-las sempre que visitar.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES poderemos usar cookies, pixels de rastreamento (também conhecidos como GIFs transparentes e sinalizadores da internet), conjuntos de desenvolvimento de softwares de terceiros conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, prover e melhorar o nosso site, plataforma online e seus serviços ou os nossos Aplicativos. Usamos Cookies para diversas finalidades Cookies de estatística: essas ferramentas são usadas para fins analíticos, para entender melhor o uso dos serviços, Aplicativos e sites.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES poderemos usar cookies, pixels de rastreamento (também conhecidos como GIFs transparentes e sinalizadores da internet), conjuntos de desenvolvimento de softwares de terceiros conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, prover e melhorar o nosso site, plataforma online e seus serviços ou os nossos Aplicativos. Usamos Cookies para diversas finalidades Cookies de registro: quando se registra e conecta geramos cookies que nos informam se você está conectado ou não.
COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SIMILARES poderemos usar cookies, pixels de rastreamento (também conhecidos como GIFs transparentes e sinalizadores da internet), conjuntos de desenvolvimento de softwares de terceiros conforme detalhado na Tabela A acima, e outras tecnologias para manter, prover e melhorar o nosso site, plataforma online e seus serviços ou os nossos Aplicativos. Usamos Cookies para diversas finalidades Cookies de marketing: esses cookies nos possibilitam saber se você viu ou não um anúncio ou tipo de anúncio, como interagiu com esse anúncio e há quanto tempo o viu pela última vez. Também usamos cookies para nos ajudar com publicidade segmentada. Poderemos fazer parcerias com redes de anúncios e outros provedores de veiculação de anúncios que veiculem anúncios em nossa representação e de terceiros em plataformas não afiliadas. Alguns desses anúncios podem ser personalizados, o que significa que se destinam a ser relevantes para você com base nas informações que as redes de anúncios e os provedores de serviços de anúncios coletam sobre o uso do nosso site e de outros sites ou aplicativos ao longo do tempo, inclusive informações sobre relacionamentos entre diferentes navegadores e dispositivos. Esse tipo de publicidade é conhecido como publicidade baseada em interesses.
Para mais informações sobre os cookies usados, consulte a nossa Política de Cookies. 
COMPARTILHAMENTO DE DADOS, CATEGORIAS DE DESTINATÁRIOS COM QUE COMPARTILHAMOS DADOS PESSOAIS compartilhamos os seus dados com terceiros, inclusive os nossos parceiros ou provedores de serviços que nos ajudam a prover os nossos Serviços. Você pode encontrar aqui informações sobre as categorias de tais destinatários terceiros.
CATEGORIA DE DESTINATÁRIO
DADOS QUE PODEERÃO SER COMPARTILHADOS
FINALIDADE DO COMPARTILHAMENTO 
Provedores de Serviços Essenciais, que processam dados em nossa representação, com a finalidade de prover, proteger e melhorar os serviços. 
Todos os dados, exceto dados armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo.
Poderemos revelar Dados Pessoais para os nossos provedores de serviços confiáveis que proporcionem tecnologia ou plataformas essenciais para prover os Serviços ("Provedores de Serviços Essenciais"). Esses Provedores de Serviços Essenciais incluem serviços de hospedagem e colocalização de servidores, redes de comunicação e distribuição de conteúdo (CDNs), provedores de serviços de internet, sistemas operacionais e plataformas, serviços de segurança de dados e cibernética, serviços de detecção de fraudes, serviços de cobrança e processamento de pagamentos, serviços de envio e manuseio, serviços de gravação de sessões ou atividades e sistemas de suporte e gerenciamento de relacionamento com clientes. Os Provedores de Serviços Essenciais têm acesso ou tratam em nossa representação. Os Provedores de Serviços Essenciais são proibidos de usar as suas informações pessoais para quaisquer finalidades que não sejam nos prover os serviços solicitados. 
Provedores de serviços de marketing 
Dados de comportamento, Dados de Uso, Identificadores Online, Dados de Contas e dados de definição de perfis.
Os nossos provedores de serviços de marketing, que tratam em nossa representação certos dados que usamos para segmentar e oferecer os nossos Serviços a você ou nos fornecem ferramentas para fazê-lo ("Provedores de Serviços de Marketing"). 
Consultores
Dados de conta e cadastrais, informações de contato e quaisquer outros dados, exceto dados armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo. 
Os nossos consultores jurídicos, financeiros e de conformidade ("Consultores") poderão ser expostos a certos Dados Pessoais. Os Consultores estão sujeitos a obrigações de privilégio ou acordos de confidencialidade e estão proibidos de compartilhar Dados Pessoais, exceto para prestar os serviços que solicitamos. 
Plataformas de terceiros 
Dados cadastrais, Criações e atividades no Popular Pays Marketplace. 
Os nossos serviços poderão incluir links para sites de terceiros e integrações com serviços de terceiros. Esses sites e serviços de terceiros e quaisquer informações que você trate, envie, transmita, armazene ou use com esses sites e serviços de terceiros estão além da abrangência dos termos de uso e da Política de Privacidade da Lightricks e, portanto, serão regidos pelos termos e práticas e políticas de privacidade de tais terceiros, e não por esta Política de Privacidade. Além disso, se os Serviços se integrarem a um serviço de terceiros, a API que executa a integração permitirá que o terceiro pertinente apresente a você determinado conteúdo e acesse parte do seu conteúdo. Por exemplo, caso deseje carregar ou de outra forma compartilhar o seu conteúdo com um serviço de terceiros integrado, como Instagram ou TikTok, ou fazer uso de determinada funcionalidade nesses serviços, a API possibilitará que o terceiro aplicável acesse o seu conteúdo (como a sua biblioteca de fotos). 
Outros usuários 
Criações, nome e informações de contato. 
Devido à natureza dos Aplicativos e do recurso Feed da Lightricks Feed, determinados Dados Pessoais disponíveis nos Aplicativos são visíveis para outros usuários da Lightricks nesse Aplicativo, como, por exemplo, o seu nome de usuário, curtidas e comentários em outros conteúdos. Nunca compartilharemos as suas fotos ou vídeos com outros usuários, a menos que você opte ativamente por fazê-lo. 
Empresas subsidiárias e afiliadas
Todos os dados, exceto dados armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo.
Poderemos compartilhar Dados Pessoais, internamente dentro do nosso grupo ou em caso de transação societária (por exemplo: venda de uma parte substancial da nossa empresa, fusão, consolidação ou venda de ativos). Nos casos acima, as nossas empresas afiliadas ou a empresa adquirente assumirão os direitos e obrigações descritos nesta Política. 
Terceiros, autoridades, provedores de segurança, agências governamentais ou terceiros autorizados.
Quaisquer dados, exceto dados armazenados localmente no seu dispositivo, dependendo da finalidade e das necessidades. 
Para proteger direitos e a segurança dos nossos serviços e Aplicativos poderemos compartilhar Dados Pessoais com terceiros se acreditarmos de boa-fé que isso ajudará a proteger os direitos, bens ou segurança pessoal de usuários, indivíduos ou membros do público em geral. Isso incluirá finalidades jurídicas e de aplicação da lei, ou seja, em resposta a uma solicitação verificada relacionada a atos terroristas, investigações criminais, suposta atividade ilegal ou qualquer outra atividade que possa expor a nós, você ou outros usuários a responsabilidade legal e somente na medida necessária para cumprir tal finalidade. Tal revelação ou acesso poderá ocorrer se acreditarmos de boa-fé que: somos legalmente obrigados a fazê-lo; a revelação seja apropriada em conexão com esforços para investigar, prevenir ou tomar medidas em relação a atividades ilegais, fraudes ou outras transgressões reais ou suspeitas; ou tal revelação seja necessária para proteger os nossos interesses empresariais legítimos, inclusive a segurança e integridade dos nossos serviços. 
Quando compartilhamos informações com provedores de serviços e parceiros, asseguramos que eles tenham acesso somente às informações absolutamente necessárias para provermos os serviços. Essas partes são obrigadas a proteger os dados que recebem e a usar os dados somente para fins pré-acordados, assegurando conformidade com todos os regulamentos de proteção de dados aplicáveis (esses provedores de serviços poderão usar outros Dados Não Pessoais em benefício próprio deles).
DIREITOS DOS USUÁRIOS reconhecemos que pessoas diferentes têm preocupações e preferências de privacidade diferentes. A nossa meta é sermos claros quanto a quais informações coletamos para que você possa fazer escolhas significativas quanto a como elas são usadas. Possibilitamos que você exerça certas opções, direitos e controles em conexão com as suas informações. Dependendo do seu relacionamento conosco, da sua jurisdição e das leis de proteção de dados que lhe sejam aplicáveis, você tem o direito de controlar e solicitar que certas limitações ou direitos sejam exercidos.
Residentes na Califórnia, Virgínia e Colorado devem consultar a nossa Notificação de Privacidade CCPA. 
Para informações detalhadas sobre os seus direitos e como exercê-los, consulte o Formulário de Solicitação de Titular de Dados ("DSR") disponível aqui e envie para o nosso EPD: dpo@lightricks.com. 
Além disso, certos direitos estão disponíveis no Aplicativo: você poderá corrigir, revisar e excluir informações nas configurações do Aplicativo a qualquer momento, todo consentimento dado pode ser retirado facilmente e poderá cancelar determinados recursos e o rastreamento. Portanto, recomendamos que use as soluções técnicas que oferecemos a você para exercer os seus direitos.
Por fim, você poderá optar por não receber anúncios baseados em interesses nas configurações do dispositivo ou optando por sair do site da Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI")- Cancelamento do NAI pelo consumidor e do site da Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA")- Página de cancelamento da DAA.
CONSERVAÇÃO DE DADOS em geral, a menos que um período de conservação diferente esteja descrito acima, conservamos os Dados Pessoais que coletamos pelo tempo que permanecer necessário para as finalidades descritas acima, quando permitido por lei ou regulamentos ou até que você expresse a sua preferência por exclusão, quando aplicável.
Outras circunstâncias nas quais poderemos conservar os seus Dados Pessoais por períodos mais longos quando permitido por lei ou regulamento incluem: quando formos obrigados a fazê-lo em conformidade com exigências legais, regulatórias, fiscais ou contábeis; para termos um registro preciso das suas negociações conosco em caso de reclamações ou contestações; ou se acreditarmos razoavelmente que há perspectiva de litígio relacionado aos seus Dados Pessoais. 
Observe que, exceto conforme exigido pela legislação aplicável ou por nossos contratos específicos com você, não seremos obrigados a conservar os seus dados pessoais por nenhum período específico e estaremos livres para excluí-los com segurança ou restringir o acesso a eles por qualquer razão e a qualquer momento, com ou sem notificação prévia. Caso tenha perguntas sobre a nossa política de conservação de dados entre em contato conosco pelo e-mail dpo@lightricks.com. 
MEDIDAS DE SEGURANÇA implementamos medidas técnicas, organizacionais e de segurança apropriadas e usuais no setor para reduzir os riscos de danos a (ou perdas de) informações e acessos ou usos não autorizados das informações. No entanto, essas medidas não proporcionam segurança absoluta das informações. Portanto, embora sejam feitos esforços para proteger os seus Dados Pessoais, isso não é garantido e não se pode esperar que os serviços sejam imunes a riscos ou ataques à segurança das informações. Além disso, como a segurança das informações depende em parte da segurança do computador, dispositivo ou rede que usa para se comunicar conosco, a segurança dos seus Dados Pessoais também depende de você. Certifique-se de tomar medidas apropriadas para usar redes e dispositivos seguros e proteger as suas credenciais de acesso.
Entre em contato conosco pelo dpo@lightricks.com caso sinta que a sua privacidade não foi tratada adequadamente, de maneira que violasse a nossa Política de Privacidade ou caso tome conhecimento de tentativas de terceiros de obter acesso não autorizado a qualquer dos seus Dados Pessoais. Faremos esforços razoáveis para notificar você e as autoridades competentes (se exigido por legislação aplicável) caso descubramos incidentes de segurança relacionados aos seus Dados Pessoais. 
TRANSFERÊNCIA INTERNACIONAL DE DADOS os nossos servidores de dados em que hospedamos e armazenamos as informações estão localizados globalmente, inclusive nos EUA e na UE. A sede está situada em Israel, onde podemos acessar as informações armazenadas em servidores locais, servidores de hospedagem em nuvem ou outros sistemas e plataformas usados. Caso precisemos transferir os seus Dados Pessoais para fora da sua jurisdição, tomaremos medidas apropriadas para assegurar que os seus Dados Pessoais recebam um nível adequado de proteção conforme exigido pela legislação aplicável. Além disso, quando Dados Pessoais coletados no Espaço Econômico Europeu ("EEE"), Reino Unido ou Suíça forem transferidos para fora dessa jurisdição, para um país que não tenha recebido uma decisão de adequação da Comissão Europeia ou da ICO, tomaremos as medidas necessárias para assegurar que salvaguardas suficientes sejam providenciadas durante a transferência de tais Dados Pessoais, em conformidade com as disposições da Cláusulas Contratuais Padrão da UE, Reino Unido ou Suíça. Assim, obteremos compromissos ou garantias contratuais do importador de dados para proteger os seus Dados Pessoais, usando proteções contratuais pré-aprovadas pelos reguladores para assegurar que os seus dados sejam protegidos.
ADMISSIBILIDADE E PRIVACIDADE DAS CRIANÇAS os serviços não se destinam ao uso por crianças (o termo "criança" significará um indivíduo abaixo da idade definida pela legislação aplicável, que no que diz respeito ao EEE é a idade de 16 anos e com relação aos EUA é abaixo da idade de 13 anos) e não tratamos informações de crianças intencionalmente. Descartaremos informações que recebermos de um usuário que seja considerado "criança" imediatamente ao descobrirmos que tal usuário compartilhou informações conosco. Entre em contato conosco pelo dpo@lightricks.com caso tenha razões para acreditar que uma criança compartilhou informações conosco.
14. ESPECIFICAÇÕES.
Brasil: Criamos esta seção especificamente para usuários no Brasil. Usuários no Brasil têm determinados direitos de privacidade conforme especificados na legislação brasileira, inclusive a Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais ("LGPD"). A nossa Política de Privacidade e os controles de privacidade que oferecemos a todos os usuários estão alinhados a essas leis, esta notificação garante que abrangemos exigências específicas do Brasil. Por exemplo, todos os usuários podem solicitar uma cópia dos seus dados, solicitar exclusão e controlar as suas configurações de privacidade no aplicativo. 
As informações do Controlador de Dados estão disponíveis acima, na Seção 2. 
A base legal ao amparo da LGPD é o Contrato (cumprimento das obrigações do contrato que celebramos), Interesse legítimo (temos o direito, o interesse legítimo de fazê-lo), Consentimento (pedimos a sua permissão) e Obrigações Legais. As Tabelas na Seção 4 detalham a base legal para o tratamento de cada conjunto de dados. 
EUA: consulte a nossa Notificação CCPA para especificações da Califórnia, Nevada, Virgínia, Colorado e Connecticut. 
LIGHTRICKS, DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE
[Zuletzt geändert: 17 augustus 2023]
Lightricks Ltd., einschließlich unserer Tochtergesellschaften und verbundenen Unternehmen (zusammen "Lightricks" "wir", "unser(e)" oder "uns"), bemüht sich nach Kräften sicherzustellen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die verarbeitet werden, sicher aufbewahrt und ordnungsgemäß verwendet werden und dass unsere Datenverarbeitungspraktiken unseren Nutzern und potenziellen Nutzern genau kommuniziert werden.
Lightricks ist ein Pionier auf dem Gebiet innovativer Technologien, die die Kluft zwischen Fantasie und Kreativität überbrücken. Die Foto- und Videobearbeitungstools von Lightricks bieten unendlich viele Möglichkeiten und Inspirationen. Sie bieten Privatpersonen, Content-Creatorn und Influencern die Möglichkeit, ihre Arbeit zu Geld zu machen und Marken die Chance, ihre Inhalte durch maßgeschneiderte Partnerschaften mit Creatorn zu erweitern. Lightricks ist ein globales Unternehmen, das diese Dienste, Apps und Technologien weltweit anbietet. 
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie ("Richtlinie" oder "Datenschutzrichtlinie") erläutert, wie wir Informationen während der Nutzung der hier beschriebenen Dienste, Technologien und Apps erfassen, speichern, verwenden und weitergeben. Wir haben versucht, diese Prozesse einfach und nutzerfreundlich darzustellen. Da Lightricks jedoch verschiedene mobile und Web-Apps (jeweils eine "App"), Features und Feeds ("Lightricks-Feed") und einen Online-Marktplatz ("Popular Pays Marketplace") anbietet, die/der Marken und Agenturen ("Marke(n)") und Privatpersonen, Content-Creator, Influencer ("Creator") miteinander verbindet, die alle Ihre Daten unterschiedlich verarbeiten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, alles sorgfältig zu lesen und uns zu kontaktieren, wenn Sie weitere Fragen dazu haben. 
Diese Richtlinie gilt für (gemeinsam und einzeln, bezeichnet als "Sie" oder "Ihr/e"): Interessenten und Besucher, die unsere Websites und Landing Pages besuchen und mit Werbeanzeigen und -kampagnen unserer Dienste, Blogs oder anderen Webformularen interagieren ("Interessenten" oder "Besucher"); Nutzer, die unsere Apps installieren und nutzen; Marken und Creator, die den Popular Pays Marketplace nutzen; und alle Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen. 
Für den Fall, dass Sie in Colorado, Virginia oder Kalifornien ansässig sind, lesen Sie bitte zusätzlich zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie unsere CCPA-Datenschutzerklärung ("CCPA-Erklärung"; Erklärung zum kalifornischen Verbraucherschutzgesetz). 
Sie sind zu keiner Zeit verpflichtet, uns personenbezogene Daten oder persönliche Informationen zu übermitteln. 
AKTUALISIERUNGEN UND ÄNDERUNGEN wir können diese Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit nach eigenem Ermessen aktualisieren und ändern. Die aktuelle Version der Richtlinie ist immer über die Website oder die Apps zugänglich. Das aktualisierte Datum der Richtlinie wird in der Kopfzeile unter "Zuletzt geändert" angezeigt. Im Falle einer wesentlichen Änderung oder wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, werden wir eine Mitteilung über diese Änderungen machen. Alle Änderungen der Richtlinie treten innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der geänderten Richtlinie in Kraft. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Richtlinie regelmäßig durchzusehen, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie unsere neuesten Datenschutzpraktiken verstehen.
KONTAKTDATEN UND FUNKTIONEN lightricks Ltd. ist ein nach israelischem Recht gegründetes Unternehmen und, sofern in der nachstehenden Tabelle nicht ausdrücklich anders angegeben, die für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten Verantwortliche (gemäß der Definition dieser Begriffe in der Datenschutzgrundverordnung "DSGVO" oder gleichwertigen Datenschutzgesetzen).
Bei (Nach-) Fragen oder Bedenken im Zusammenhang mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten können Sie sich wie folgt an uns wenden kontaktdaten des DSB: dpo@lightricks.com
Per Post.
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalem, Israel, 9190401
Beauftragter für die betroffenen Personen in der EU und im Vereinigten Königreich Kontaktdaten wir haben in Deutschland und im Vereinigten Königreich Beauftragte für Datenschutzangelegenheiten benannt, die für betroffene Personen in der EU oder im Vereinigten Königreich zuständig sind.
Anfragen zu unseren EU-Datenschutzpraktiken können wie folgt an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten ("DSB") gerichtet werden kontaktdaten des DSB: dpr@lightricks.com
Per Post.
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
Anfragen zu unseren UK-Datenschutzpraktiken können wie folgt an unseren DSB für das Vereinigte Königreich gerichtet werden kontaktdaten des DSB für das Vereinigte Königreich: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
Per Post.
Lightricks (UK), 
ICO-Registernummer (Registrierung bei der britischen Datenschutzbehörde) ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT United Kingdom.
ART DER VERARBEITETEN DATENSÄTZE 
Während Ihrer Nutzung oder Interaktion mit den Diensten erfassen wir gesammelte, nicht personenbezogene, nicht identifizierbare Daten ("nicht personenbezogene Daten"). Zu den gesammelten nicht-personenbezogenen Daten gehören zusammengefasste Nutzungsdaten, anonymisierte Daten und technische Daten, wie z. Browser- oder Gerätetyp, die bevorzugte Sprache, Zeit- und Datumsstempel usw. 
Darüber hinaus erfassen wir Daten, die eine Person identifizieren oder mit angemessenem Aufwand zur Identifizierung einer Person verwendet werden können ("personenbezogene Daten"). Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erfassen, sowie der Zweck der Verarbeitung dieser Daten sind in der nachstehenden Tabelle aufgeführt. Zur Klarstellung: Nicht personenbezogene Daten, die mit personenbezogenen Daten verbunden oder verknüpft sind, gelten als personenbezogene Daten, solange diese Verbindung oder Verknüpfung besteht. 
Wir können demografische Daten und bestimmte Profiling-Kriterien verarbeiten, die aus den unten aufgeführten Datensätzen abgeleitet werden, z. können wir aus Ihren Bildern Ihr Geschlecht und Alter bestimmen. 
ZWECK, RECHTSGRUNDLAGE UND VERARBEITUNGSVORGÄNGE
Im Folgenden sind für jedes Asset und jeden Dienst die verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten, der Zweck und die Funktionsweise sowie die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung aufgeführt. Nachstehend finden Sie vier Tabellen. In Tabelle A sind die personenbezogenen Daten aufgeführt, die bei der Nutzung unserer Apps verarbeitet werden, in Tabelle B sind die personenbezogenen Daten aufgeführt, die für die Entwicklung, maschinelles Lernen oder anderweitig für interne Zwecke verwendet werden, in Tabelle C sind die personenbezogenen Daten aufgeführt, die bei der Nutzung des Popular Pays Marketplace verarbeitet werden, und in Tabelle D sind die personenbezogenen Daten aufgeführt, die verarbeitet werden, wenn Sie mit unserer Website, unseren Anzeigen oder anderweitig mit uns interagieren. 
TABELLE A: APPS 
DATENSATZ
ZWECK UND VORGÄNGE
RECHTSGRUNDLAGE 
Kontodaten.
Nachdem Sie die App installiert haben, melden Sie sich an und erstellen Ihr Konto (für iOS-Nutzer ist die Erstellung eines Kontos optional). 
Sie können sich mit Ihrem Apple-, Facebook- oder Google-Konto oder anderweitig anmelden, indem Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse eingeben und ein Passwort wählen. 
Wenn Sie sich über Facebook, Google oder Apple anmelden, erhalten wir Informationen, die mit diesem Konto verbunden sind (je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Datenschutzeinstellungen), wie z. Ihren Namen, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre Freundesliste, demografische Daten und Ihren Standort. 
Wir verwenden die Kontodaten, um ein Konto zu erstellen und Ihre Identität zu bestätigen. Wenn Sie mehrere Apps nutzen und sich angemeldet haben, können wir Sie in diesen verschiedenen Apps identifizieren und die in den einzelnen Apps verarbeiteten Informationen gemeinsam nutzen. Darüber hinaus werden wir Ihnen über die E-Mail-Adresse, die Sie bei Ihrer Registrierung angegeben haben, Rechnungen, Materialien und Inhalte, einschließlich Marketingmaterial, zusenden ("Direktmarketing").
Verarbeitung der Kontodaten, die für die Vertragserfüllung erforderlich sind.
Die Verarbeitung zu Zwecken des Direktmarketings unterliegt unserem berechtigten Interesse. Sie können sich jederzeit abmelden, indem Sie sich aus dem Verteiler austragen lassen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass auch nach der Abmeldung noch bestimmte E-Mails versandt werden. 
Online-Kennungen und Nutzungsdaten wenn Sie die Apps nutzen, identifizieren wir oder unsere externen Partner Sie über Online-Kennungen. "Online-Kennungen" sind eindeutige Identifikatoren, einschließlich IDFA oder AAID, IP-Adresse, Geräte-ID, Cookie-ID, Agent usw.
Darüber hinaus verarbeiten wir, direkt oder indirekt über unsere externen Partner, Nutzungsdaten, die mit Online-Kennungen verbunden sein können, aber nicht müssen. Wenn sie mit einer Online-Kennung verbunden sind, werden sie als personenbezogene Daten behandelt, andernfalls, wenn die Nutzungsdaten zusammengefasst, anonymisiert oder de-identifiziert sind, werden sie nicht als personenbezogene Daten betrachtet. 
Die Nutzungsdaten umfassen Informationen über Ihre Interaktion mit der App, verwendete Features, die Dauer der Nutzung, Clickstream-Daten, aufgetretene Fehler sowie Ihre Interaktion mit den angezeigten Inhalten oder Anzeigen, Aufzeichnungen über Werbung und Inhalte, die auf den von Ihnen aufgerufenen Seiten oder App-Bildschirmen angezeigt werden, und jegliche Interaktion, die Sie mit diesen Inhalten oder Anzeigen hatten (gemeinsam "Nutzungsdaten"). 
Online-Kennungen und Nutzungsdaten werden zu Analyse- und Betriebszwecken, zur Behebung von Fehlern und Bugs und ggf. zur Anpassung der Spracheinstellungen verwendet, um Ihnen die Nutzung der App zu ermöglichen und Ihnen deren Funktionen zur Verfügung zu stellen. 
Einige der Apps zeigen darüber hinaus interessenbezogene Werbung oder andere Marketing- und Werbeaktionen an, die auf den Nutzungsdaten basieren. 
Wenn die Verarbeitung zu Marketing- oder Tracking-Zwecken erfolgt, verarbeiten wir die personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich auf der Grundlage einer Einwilligung. 
Wenn die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten dem Betrieb und der Bereitstellung der App-Funktionen dient, ist die Rechtsgrundlage die Vertragserfüllung. 
Schließlich können die personenbezogenen Daten in unserem berechtigten Interesse daran verarbeitet werden, zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste genutzt werden, Fehler zu korrigieren und die Nutzererfahrung zu verbessern, auch durch die Personalisierung von Angeboten und Werbeaktionen. 
Bilder, Fotos und Videos um die Dienste zu aktivieren, räumen Sie uns entweder Zugang zu Ihrer Fotogalerie ein oder laden Fotos aus Ihrer Galerie hoch. Bilder, Fotos und Videos werden auf Ihrem Gerät verarbeitet, um die geschätzte Position von Gesichtsteilen (z. Augen, Nase oder Mund) und Punkten auf dem Gesicht und den Augen zu bestimmen, die auf ein generisches Modell eines Gesichts angewendet werden, das Ihnen bei der Bearbeitung von Bildern und Videos in Echtzeit hilft ("Gesichtsdaten").
Wir erfassen auch demografische Daten, die auf iOS-Geräten verarbeitet werden, wie Alter und Geschlecht, aus Ihren Bildern, Fotos und Videos.
Wenn Fotos und Bilder zum Erstellen von Kunstwerken oder zum Hinzufügen von Effekten zu Ihren Kreationen verwendet werden, wird das ausgewählte Bild in die Lightricks-Cloud hochgeladen. Dabei werden keine Daten verarbeitet oder verwendet, um Sie zu identifizieren, und es werden keine Daten in der Lightricks-Cloud gespeichert, mit Ausnahme des Originalbildes und des Ausgabebildes, die innerhalb von 30 Tagen gelöscht werden, sofern Sie nichts anderes wünschen.
Wir verarbeiten die Daten, um die Nutzung der in den Apps verfügbaren Features zu ermöglichen, einschließlich der Möglichkeit, Ihre Bilder, Videos und Medien zu bearbeiten. 
Wir verarbeiten die demografischen Daten, um personalisierte Angebote von Lightricks zu vermarkten. Wir verwenden Ihre jeweiligen Fotos, Videos oder Gesichtsdaten nicht für Marketingzwecke und geben diese Informationen nicht an Dritte weiter. 
Gesichtsdaten werden auf Ihrem Gerät verarbeitet. Wir sammeln und speichern keine Gesichtsdaten auf unseren Servern und geben sie nicht an Dritte weiter. 
Wir verarbeiten die Bilder, Videos und Fotos, einschließlich der Gesichtsdaten, zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der Dienste und zur Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen Ihnen gegenüber. 
Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Projekte zu speichern, die Gesichtsdaten verwenden, werden die Daten auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert, bis Sie das Projekt löschen, das Projekt aufgrund von Speicherplatzbeschränkungen automatisch gelöscht wird oder Sie die App löschen.
Wenn Sie den Zugriff auf Ihre Fotogalerie eingeräumt haben, können Sie diese Erlaubnis jederzeit widerrufen. 
KI-Tools und Avatare bestimmte Apps enthalten Technologien künstlicher Intelligenz ("KI") zur Bearbeitung von Bildern, Fotos und Videos, zur Erstellung von personalisierten magischen Avataren ("Avatare"), Bewegungen und Effekten, Kunststilen, Text zu Bildern usw. (gemeinsam "Outputs").
Dazu verarbeiten wir die in die Lightricks-Cloud hochgeladenen Originalbilder und -videos ("Inputs"). Unsere KI-Technologie nutzt die Gesichtserkennung, um die Körperhaltung, den Standort und andere nicht-identifizierende Merkmale von Gesichtern zu bestimmen, die im Rahmen erscheinen, und kann nicht-nutzerbezogene persönliche Daten verarbeiten, wie im folgenden Abschnitt näher beschrieben. 
Die Outputs werden standardmäßig auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert und wir haben keinen Zugang zu ihnen bzw. Kontrolle über sie. Ihre gekauften Avatare werden jedoch in der Lightricks-Cloud gespeichert, so dass sie für Sie über die App jederzeit und von jedem Gerät aus zugänglich bleiben, bis Sie beschließen, sie zu löschen. 
Wir verwenden die in die Lightricks-Cloud hochgeladenen Daten, d. die Inputs und die Outputs zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der Dienste und der Erzeugung des Outputs. 
Um Avatare zu erstellen, verarbeiten wir 10-25 Bilder als Input zum Zwecke der Bereitstellung der Dienste und zur Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen Ihnen gegenüber. Derzeit verwenden wir das neuronale Netzwerkmodell "Stable Diffusion", das es den Nutzern ermöglicht, personalisierte Avatare zu erstellen. 
Die Inputs werden innerhalb von 24 Stunden gelöscht, es sei denn, die Eingabe dient der Erstellung des Avatars, dann wird sie sofort nach der Erstellung des Avatars gelöscht. 
Nicht-nutzerbezogene persönliche Daten wenn wir feststellen können, dass Sie uns nicht-nutzerbezogene persönliche Daten zur Verfügung gestellt haben, wie z. die Bilder oder Videos, die Sie in Verbindung mit unserem Feature "Avatare für Paare" übermitteln, werden wir die Bilder oder Videos zur Erstellung des Avatars oder anderer Outputs verwenden und die Inputs dauerhaft aus der Lightricks-Cloud löschen.
Darüber hinaus können Sie Freunde zur Nutzung unserer Apps einladen. Dabei werden Sie aufgefordert, die Kontaktdaten Ihres Freundes/Ihrer Freundin mitzuteilen (z. seine/ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer). 
Wir verarbeiten das Foto ausschließlich zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der Dienste und wir werden das Originalfoto nicht anderweitig verwenden. 
Wir verarbeiten die Kontaktdaten Ihrer Freunde nur, um ihnen eine Einladung zur Nutzung der Dienste zukommen zu lassen, und verwenden diese Daten nicht für andere Zwecke. 
Berechtigtes Interesse an der Bereitstellung der Dienste für unsere Nutzer. 
Support.
Wenn Sie sich mit uns im Rahmen des Kundensupports in Verbindung setzen, verarbeiten wir Ihre Kontaktdaten. 
Wir werden die Kontaktdaten verwenden, um den erforderlichen Kundensupport zu erbringen. Wir werden diese Korrespondenz so lange aufbewahren, wie es nötig ist, und um nachzuweisen, dass die Supportleistung erbracht wurde. 
Wir verarbeiten diese Informationen, um die Supportleistungen zu erbringen und die vertraglichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. 
Umfrage und Feedback wir bitten Sie möglicherweise, uns Feedback zu unseren Diensten zu geben. Wenn Sie bereit sind, dieser Aufforderung nachzukommen, uns ein solches Feedback zu geben oder an unserer Umfrage teilzunehmen, werden wir Ihr Feedback und Ihre Kontaktinformationen wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse usw. erfassen.
Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um unseren Service zu verbessern, zu überarbeiten und auszubauen sowie um die Dienste zu optimieren und anzupassen. 
Wir verarbeiten diese Informationen vorbehaltlich Ihrer Zustimmung. Sie können Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen, indem Sie sich über die hier angegebenen Kontaktdaten an uns wenden.
Einzelheiten zum Kauf bestimmte Features und Dienste sind kostenpflichtig, entweder per In-App-Kauf oder per Abonnement. Die Zahlungen erfolgen durch In-App-Käufe ("IAP") über Zahlungsdienste von Drittanbietern; wir verarbeiten jedoch die geschäftlichen Transaktionsdaten wie Aufzeichnungen über Käufe und Preise, Versanddetails (falls zutreffend), Adresse, Kontakttelefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse.
Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um Ihre Zahlungen zu bearbeiten. 
Wir können die Dienste und Plattformen von Drittanbietern nutzen, um die Zahlungsdaten zu verarbeiten, wie z. Adyen und PayPal, oder über IAP, wobei Google Play oder Apple Store dann diese Zahlungen abwickeln würden. Folglich unterliegen alle Transaktionen, die über die Plattformen von Drittanbietern verarbeitet werden, deren eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien und, bedingungen, die wir Ihnen empfehlen durchzusehen. 
Erfüllung unseres Vertrags mit Ihnen. 
Soziale Medien.
Wenn Sie den Lightricks-Feed nutzen oder Ihre Kreationen in sozialen Medien teilen, verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, z. Profilfotos, Name, E-Mail-Adresse, Social-Media-Accounts, Reaktionen auf Feed-Beiträge ("Feed-Daten").
Wir verwenden die Feed-Daten, um Ihnen die Lightricks-Feed-Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen und um Ihre Interaktion mit sozialen Medien Dritter zu ermöglichen.
Wir verarbeiten Feed-Daten für die Erfüllung eines Vertrags mit Ihnen. Beachten Sie, dass Informationen, die Sie veröffentlichen möchten, möglicherweise nicht gelöscht werden können, selbst wenn Sie die App und das Konto löschen. 
Berechtigungen.
Je nach der verwendeten App oder den Features, die Sie nutzen möchten, werden Sie gebeten, uns Zugriffsberechtigungen zu erteilen, wie z. B.: Zugriff auf die Fotogalerie, Aktivierung von Tracking-Tools, Push-Benachrichtigungen, Zugriff auf Ihre Social-Media-Accounts usw. ("App-Berechtigungen"). 
Wir verwenden diese Berechtigungen, um die Daten zu verarbeiten, die für die Bereitstellung des Dienstes oder die Verbesserung des Dienstes erforderlich sind. 
Um auf diese App-Berechtigungen zugreifen zu können, müssen Sie sie aktiv und explizit über eine In-App-Berechtigung oder die mobilen Einstellungen aktivieren. Sie können die App-Berechtigungen jederzeit deaktivieren, beachten Sie jedoch, dass je nach App-Berechtigung, die Sie deaktivieren, möglicherweise ein Feature oder alle Features nicht richtig funktionieren. 
Weitere Informationen zu den SDKs (Software Development Kits), die in unsere Apps integriert sind, finden Sie weiter unten wir setzen externe Analysedienste wie Google Analytics, die Google-Dienste Crashlytics und Firebase sowie Facebook ein. Wir können Ihre Daten an diese Analysedienstanbieter weitergeben, damit wir mehr darüber erfahren, wie Sie und andere unsere Dienste nutzen appsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
Wir werden die Informationen an externe Analysedienstanbieter für Marketing- und Tracking-Zwecke, Analyse- und Betriebszwecke, zur Behebung von Fehlern und Bugs und ggf. zur Anpassung der Spracheinstellungen weiterleiten, um Ihnen die Nutzung der App zu ermöglichen und Ihnen deren Funktionen zur Verfügung zu stellen. 
Wenn die Verarbeitung zu Marketing- oder Tracking-Zwecken erfolgt, verarbeiten wir die personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich auf der Grundlage einer Einwilligung. Andernfalls werden wir diese SDKs auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses verarbeiten. 
TABELLE B: MASCHINELLES LERNEN UND INTERNE ENTWICKLUNG 
DATENSATZ
ZWECK UND VORGÄNGE
RECHTSGRUNDLAGE 
Nutzungsdaten; 
Inputs, einschließlich der Haltung, der Position und anderer nicht-identifizierender Merkmale von Gesichtern, die von unserer KI-Technologie in den Inputs erkannt werden (jedoch ohne die oben definierten Gesichtsdaten). 
Wir verwenden die Daten, um die Inhalte zu verbessern und die in den Diensten verfügbaren Features zu optimieren. 
Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um den Ihnen angebotenen Dienst zu personalisieren, Angebote auf Ihre Interessen zuzuschneiden und weitere Lightricks-Produkte, -Apps oder -Dienste anzubieten, von denen wir glauben, dass sie Ihnen gefallen könnten. 
Um die KI-Technologie zu optimieren und bessere Dienste anzubieten, verwenden wir Teile des Inputs in anonymisierter Form, um den Algorithmus zu trainieren und Modelle zu erstellen (z. Diffusionsmodelle, GAN (erzeugende gegnerische Netzwerke) und andere). Die Inputs können nicht mit Ihnen in Verbindung gebracht, mit Ihnen identifiziert oder zur Identifizierung verwendet werden. Wir verwenden den Input nicht als Ganzes, sondern verarbeiten bestimmte Kopien, die aus dem Input extrahiert wurden. 
Wir sind nicht in der Lage und beabsichtigen auch nicht, Sie oder eine andere Person anhand dieser Modelle zu authentifizieren oder eindeutig zu identifizieren. 
Darüber hinaus kennzeichnen wir automatisch bestimmte Bilder, die in Ihrem Input erkannt werden, wie z. "Hund", "Katze" und männlich oder weiblich, um die Leistung der KI-Features zu verbessern, wie z. die Text-zu-Bild-Funktion und die Avatar-Erstellung, sowie um Daten für die Verwendung beim maschinellen Lernen zu kennzeichnen. Beachten Sie, dass gekennzeichnete Daten nicht an eine bestimmte Person gebunden sind.
Das maschinelle Lernen und die Datenkennzeichnung werden auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses an der Verbesserung unserer Dienste und Technologien verarbeitet. Wir stellen sicher, dass identifizierende Informationen, wie z. Gerätekennungen oder Online-Kennungen, nicht mit den für das Lernen und die Schulung verwendeten Informationen, einschließlich der Inputs, verknüpft werden, d. die Inputs können nicht zu Ihrer Identifizierung beitragen oder mit Ihnen in Verbindung gebracht werden.
Mit Ausnahme der oben genannten Fälle werden Modelle, die zu Schulungs- und Lernzwecken verwendet werden, innerhalb von 180 Tagen gelöscht. 
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir unser Bestes tun, um die Einstellungen des KI-Modells so anzupassen, dass es keine unangemessenen oder schädigenden Inhalte enthält. Es liegt jedoch in Ihrer alleinigen Verantwortung, dass die Bilder, Videos und anderen Inhalte, die Sie hochladen, nicht rechtswidrig, beleidigend, verleumderisch, obszön, pornografisch, unanständig, unzüchtig, anzüglich, belästigend, bedrohend, die Privatsphäre oder die Öffentlichkeitsrechte verletzend, missbräuchlich, aufrührerisch oder betrügerisch sind oder anderweitig als schädigende Inhalte ausgelegt werden können. Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns unter dpo@lightricks.com, wenn Sie einen Inhalt als anstößig empfinden. Die Nutzung der KI-Technologien unterliegt auch den KI-Bedingungen, die verfügbar sind unter: website_url_lnk 
TABELLE C: POPULAR PAYS MARKETPLACE 
DATENSATZ
ZWECK UND VORGÄNGE
RECHTSGRUNDLAGE 
Registrierung.
Wenn eine Marke sich auf Popular Pays Marketplace anmeldet, muss sie die Kontaktdaten der autorisierten Nutzer eingeben (Name, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Website usw.). 
Nach der Registrierung und Erstellung eines Brand-Accounts hat die Marke Zugang zum Dashboard, das weitere Daten zu ihren Kampagnen, Statistiken und Analysen zu ihren Kampagnen, zur Interaktion der Nutzer usw. enthält. 
Wir verwenden diese Daten, um ein Konto zu erstellen, Kontoverwaltung anzubieten, Ihre Interaktion mit den Creatorn zu ermöglichen, die Marketingkampagnen durchzuführen, Support und gewünschte Dienste bereitzustellen. 
Die im Rahmen der Kampagnen gewonnenen Erkenntnisse werden in einer aggregierten analytischen Form bereitgestellt. 
Die Verarbeitung ist für die Vertragserfüllung erforderlich. 
Creator-Accounts.
Ein Creator muss ein Portfolio erstellen, das den vollständigen Namen, die E-Mail-Adresse, das Alter, das Geschlecht, den Standort, die Lieferadresse, demografische Daten, Zahlungsinformationen (einschließlich Ihrer Bankverbindung oder Ihres Apple-Pay-/Google-Pay-Kontos), Ihren Beruf oder Ihre Spezialisierungen (z. Lifestyle, Mode, Schönheit, Finanzplanung), Sprachpräferenzen etc., enthält.
Alle derartigen Informationen, die Sie über das Portfolio zur Verfügung stellen, gelten als "Portfoliodaten".
Um an den Kampagnen teilnehmen zu können, muss der Creator außerdem seine Werke in das Portfolio hochladen und seine Social-Media-Accounts einbinden, über die die Marken die Arbeit des Creators, seine Biografie und die Art der Follower, mit denen der Creator interagiert, einsehen können. 
Wir verwenden die Portfoliodaten, um das Portfolio zu erstellen, es den Marken zur Einsicht zur Verfügung zu stellen, Ihre Interaktion mit den Marken zu ermöglichen, Kontoverwaltung, Support und alle gewünschten Dienste bereitzustellen. 
Darüber hinaus verwenden wir die hochgeladenen Inhalte und die Portfoliodaten, um aggregierte Einblicke in Ihr Publikum und Ihre Inhalte zu gewinnen (z. Geschlecht, Altersgruppe, geografischer Standort usw.).
Die Portfoliodaten sind für die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen bei der Erbringung der Leistungen erforderlich.
Die Verarbeitung der gewonnen Einblicke erfolgt auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses. 
Die von Ihnen hochgeladenen Werke können auch personenbezogene Daten enthalten. Wir sind jedoch der Auftragsverarbeiter (gemäß der Definition des Begriffs in der DSGVO) dieser personenbezogenen Daten und hosten die Werke in Ihrem Namen. 
Nutzungsdaten.
Wir sammeln Informationen darüber, wie, wann und wo Sie den Dienst nutzen, auf das Konto zugreifen und Aktionen auf dem Popular Pays Marketplace durchführen. 
Wir verwenden diese Informationen ausschließlich zur Verbesserung der Dienste und zur Behebung von Bugs und Fehlern. 
Die Verarbeitung ist für die Vertragserfüllung erforderlich. 
Kundensupport.
Wenn Sie sich mit uns im Rahmen des Kundensupports in Verbindung setzen, verarbeiten wir Ihre Kontaktdaten. 
Wir werden die Kontaktdaten verwenden, um den erforderlichen Kundensupport zu erbringen. Wir werden diese Korrespondenz so lange aufbewahren, wie es nötig ist, und um nachzuweisen, dass die Supportleistung erbracht wurde. 
Wir verarbeiten diese Informationen, um die Supportleistungen zu erbringen und die vertraglichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. 
Direktmarketing.
Wir senden Ihnen Mitteilungen über Dienstleistungen und Marketingaktionen, wie z. neue Funktionen, zusätzliche Angebote, besondere Gelegenheiten oder andere Informationen, die unserer Meinung nach für Sie nützlich sind. 
Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um Sie über Angebote und Inhalte auf dem Laufenden zu halten und für Transaktionen (Rechnungen, Angebote usw.). 
Wir verarbeiten diese Informationen auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses. Sie können sich jederzeit über den Link "Abmelden" in der E-Mail abmelden. 
Kampagnen.
Marken bieten wir Dienstleistungen an, die es ihnen ermöglichen, den Endnutzern relevante Inhalte zu liefern, indem sie bestimmte Zielgruppen ansprechen. 
Die gezielte Kampagne richtet sich an potenzielle Kunden, die auf der Grundlage der von uns gesammelten und analysierten Segmente ("Einblicke") dieselben oder ähnliche Interessen wie die bestehenden Kunden der Marke zu haben scheinen.
Wir verwenden solche Einblicke für zielgerichtete Kampagnen im Namen der Marke als Teil der über den Marktplatz angebotenen Dienstleistungen. 
Wir verarbeiten diese Daten im Auftrag der Marke als Auftragsverarbeiter (gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs in der DSGVO) und gemäß den Anweisungen der Marke. 
Demo bestellen.
Wenn Sie eine kostenlose Demo bestellen möchten, werden Sie aufgefordert, uns Ihren vollständigen Namen, Ihre Telefonnummer und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse mitzuteilen.
Wir verwenden diese Daten, um Ihnen die angeforderten Informationen oder Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Wir verarbeiten diese Informationen auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses. 
Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um Ihre Zahlungen zu bearbeiten. 
Wir können die Dienste und Plattformen von Drittanbietern nutzen, um die Zahlungsdaten zu verarbeiten, wie z. Adyen, Stripe, Braintre und PayPal, oder über IAP, wobei Google Play oder Apple Store dann diese Zahlungen abwickeln würden. Folglich unterliegen alle Transaktionen, die über die Plattformen von Drittanbietern verarbeitet werden, deren eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien und -bedingungen, die wir Ihnen empfehlen durchzusehen.
Vertragserfüllung 
TABELLE D: INTERAKTIONEN VON INTERESSENTEN UND PERSONEN MIT UNSERER WEBSITE, WERBUNG ODER UNSEREN DIGITALEN ASSETS 
DATENSATZ
ZWECK UND VORGÄNGE
RECHTSGRUNDLAGE 
Online-Kennungen und Nutzungsdaten wenn Sie mit unserer Website interagieren, erfassen wir direkt oder indirekt Online-Kennungen und Nutzungsdaten (d. Zugriffszeit und -datum, Aktionen auf der Website, Clickstream, Dauer, Verweis-URLs, aufgerufene Inhalte usw.).
Wir verarbeiten diese Informationen, um die Website zu verbessern, Fehler und Bugs zu identifizieren sowie für statistische, analytische und Marketingzwecke. 
Die für den Betrieb der Website durch Cookies von Drittanbietern erfassten personenbezogenen Daten beruhen auf unserem berechtigten Interesse, den Betrieb der Website und der Dienste zu ermöglichen. 
Je nach Rechtsordnung können Drittanbieter-Cookies nur dann personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten, wenn Sie über den Cookie-Hinweis und das auf der Website verwendete Tool zur Zustimmungsverwaltung Ihre Einwilligung erteilt haben. 
Sie können Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit über die Cookie-Einstellungen widerrufen. 
Werbung.
Bei der Vermarktung der Dienste setzen wir Drittanbieter oder Tools zur Verwaltung dieser Werbekampagnen ein. Über diese Tools erfassen wir Informationen über die Aktionen der Personen, wann sie auf unsere Anzeige geklickt haben und ob sie die Kampagne oder App installiert, abonniert oder genutzt haben. 
Zur Durchführung, Bereitstellung und Optimierung unserer Marketingkampagnen, Anzeigenverwaltungs- und Verkaufstransaktionen sowie zur effektiveren Verwaltung und Bereitstellung von Werbeanzeigen für unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen, einschließlich auf anderen Websites und in Apps. 
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Zustimmung gemäß In-App-Zustimmung oder Cookie-Banner, falls zutreffend. 
Ansprechpartner.
Wenn Sie uns freiwillig per Chat, E-Mail oder auf anderem Wege kontaktieren, an einer Umfrage teilnehmen oder uns Ihr Feedback geben, müssen Sie uns bestimmte Informationen wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und alle weiteren Informationen, die Sie uns mitteilen möchten, zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie sich im Namen einer anderen Person an uns wenden, schätzen wir Ihre Unterstützung und Fürsorge für andere. Bitte beachten Sie jedoch, dass es in Ihrer Verantwortung liegt, dafür zu sorgen, dass jede Person, deren personenbezogene Daten Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, die Grundsätze dieser Erklärung kennt und damit einverstanden ist, dass Sie uns personenbezogene Daten auf dieser Grundlage zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir verarbeiten die Informationen, um Ihre Anfrage zu beantworten. Wir können die Korrespondenzinformationen auch verarbeiten, um unseren Vertriebsservice oder den Kundensupport zu verbessern.
Wir verarbeiten die Informationen auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, um Ihre Anfrage zu beantworten. Wir können diese Korrespondenz aufbewahren, wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind. 
Gesprächsaufzeichnungen.
Bei der Kontaktaufnahme mit unseren Interessenten können wir die Gespräche aufzeichnen ("Gesprächsaufzeichnungen").
Wir verwenden solche Gesprächsaufzeichnungen, um unsere Vertriebsaktivitäten zu verwalten, zu messen und zu optimieren und unsere Dienste zu verbessern. 
Wir verarbeiten Gesprächsaufzeichnungen vorbehaltlich Ihrer Zustimmung, die zu Beginn unseres Gesprächs eingeholt wird. 
Anmeldung zum Newsletter wenn Sie sich für den Erhalt unseres Newsletters, von Blog-Updates oder anderen Marketingmaterialien anmelden, werden Sie aufgefordert, Ihre Kontaktdaten anzugeben, z. Ihre E-Mail-Adresse.
Wir werden Ihre E-Mail-Adresse verwenden, um Ihnen unseren Newsletter und andere Marketingmaterialien zuzusenden. 
Wir verarbeiten diese Kontaktdaten vorbehaltlich Ihrer Zustimmung. Sie können Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit über den Link "Abmelden" in der E-Mail oder durch direkte Kontaktaufnahme mit uns widerrufen. 
Bitte beachten Sie, dass der tatsächliche Verarbeitungsvorgang für jeden in der obigen Tabelle aufgeführten Verwendungszweck und jede Rechtsgrundlage abweichen kann. Ein solcher Verarbeitungsvorgang umfasst in der Regel eine Reihe von Transkationen, die in automatisierter Form durchgeführt werden, wie z. die Erfassung, Speicherung, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übermittlung, Löschung oder Vernichtung. Die Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten in Drittländer, wie weiter unten im Abschnitt "Internationale Datenübermittlung" beschrieben, erfolgt auf der gleichen Rechtsgrundlage wie in der obigen Tabelle angegeben. 
Darüber hinaus können wir bestimmte personenbezogene Daten verwenden, um potenziell verbotene oder illegale Aktivitäten, Betrug, Unterschlagung, Rechtsverletzungen, Identitätsdiebstähle und sonstigen Missbrauch der Dienste zu verhindern und die Bedingungen durchzusetzen sowie die Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Datenbanken und der Dienste zu schützen und Vorkehrungen gegen gesetzliche Haftung zu treffen. Diese Verarbeitung beruht auf unseren berechtigten Interessen. 
Wir können verschiedene Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten und nicht personenbezogenen Daten von Ihnen erfassen, abhängig von der Art Ihrer Interaktion mit den Diensten, die über die Website, die Apps, die Web-Services und den Popular Pays Marketplace bereitgestellt werden, wie oben beschrieben. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten mit nicht personenbezogenen Daten kombinieren, werden die kombinierten Daten so lange als personenbezogene Daten behandelt, wie sie in kombinierter Form vorliegen. 
WIE ERFASSEN WIR IHRE DATEN?
Je nach der Art Ihrer Interaktion mit uns können wir die oben ausgeführten Informationen wie folgt von Ihnen erfassen, Automatisch, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen oder mit unseren Diensten interagieren, u a. durch die Verwendung von Cookies (wie nachstehend beschrieben) und ähnlichen Tracking-Technologien.
Je nach der Art Ihrer Interaktion mit uns können wir die oben ausgeführten Informationen wie folgt von Ihnen erfassen, Wenn Sie uns freiwillig Informationen zur Verfügung stellen, z. wenn Sie uns kontaktieren oder eine Demo anfordern, dann so, wie in dieser Richtlinie beschrieben.
Je nach der Art Ihrer Interaktion mit uns können wir die oben ausgeführten Informationen wie folgt von Ihnen erfassen, Durch unsere externen Diensteanbieter, die in unserem Auftrag personenbezogene Daten erfassen, wie z. Analysedienstleister.
COOKIES UND ÄHNLICHE TECHNOLOGIEN wir können Cookies, Tracking-Pixel (auch bekannt als Clear GIFs und Web Beacons), Software Development Kits von Drittanbietern, wie in Tabelle A oben beschrieben, und andere Technologien verwenden, um unsere Website, Online-Plattform und ihre Dienste oder unsere Apps zu pflegen, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Wir verwenden Cookies für verschiedene Zwecke Präferenzen: Diese Art von Cookie hilft uns, unsere Dienste zu sichern und zu warten, und speichert Ihre Präferenzen, damit Sie sie nicht bei jedem Besuch neu eingeben müssen.
COOKIES UND ÄHNLICHE TECHNOLOGIEN wir können Cookies, Tracking-Pixel (auch bekannt als Clear GIFs und Web Beacons), Software Development Kits von Drittanbietern, wie in Tabelle A oben beschrieben, und andere Technologien verwenden, um unsere Website, Online-Plattform und ihre Dienste oder unsere Apps zu pflegen, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Wir verwenden Cookies für verschiedene Zwecke Statistik-Cookies: Diese Tools werden zu Analysezwecken verwendet, um die Nutzung der Dienste, Apps und Websites besser zu verstehen.
COOKIES UND ÄHNLICHE TECHNOLOGIEN wir können Cookies, Tracking-Pixel (auch bekannt als Clear GIFs und Web Beacons), Software Development Kits von Drittanbietern, wie in Tabelle A oben beschrieben, und andere Technologien verwenden, um unsere Website, Online-Plattform und ihre Dienste oder unsere Apps zu pflegen, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Wir verwenden Cookies für verschiedene Zwecke Anmeldecookies: Wenn Sie sich registrieren und anmelden, erzeugen wir Cookies, die uns mitteilen, ob Sie angemeldet sind oder nicht.
COOKIES UND ÄHNLICHE TECHNOLOGIEN wir können Cookies, Tracking-Pixel (auch bekannt als Clear GIFs und Web Beacons), Software Development Kits von Drittanbietern, wie in Tabelle A oben beschrieben, und andere Technologien verwenden, um unsere Website, Online-Plattform und ihre Dienste oder unsere Apps zu pflegen, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Wir verwenden Cookies für verschiedene Zwecke Marketing-Cookies: Mit Hilfe dieser Cookies können wir feststellen, ob Sie eine Anzeige oder einen Anzeigentyp gesehen haben, wie Sie mit einer solchen Anzeige interagiert haben und wie lange es her ist, dass Sie sie gesehen haben. Wir verwenden Cookies auch, um gezielte Werbung zu schalten. Wir können Partnerschaften mit Anzeigenetzwerken und anderen Werbeanbietern eingehen, die im Namen von uns und anderen auf nicht verbundenen Plattformen Werbung schalten. Einige dieser Anzeigen können personalisiert sein, d. sie sollten auf der Grundlage von Informationen, die Anzeigenetzwerke und Werbeanbieter im Laufe der Zeit über Ihre Nutzung unserer Website und anderer Websites oder Apps gesammelt haben, für Sie relevant sein, einschließlich Informationen über Beziehungen zwischen verschiedenen Browsern und Geräten. Diese Art der Werbung wird als interessenbezogene Werbung bezeichnet.
Weitere Informationen über die verwendeten Cookies finden Sie in unserer Cookie-Richtlinie. 
DATENWEITERGABE, EMPFÄNGERKATEGORIEN, AN DIE WIR PERSONENBEZOGENE DATEN WEITERGEBEN wir geben Ihre Daten an Dritte weiter, einschließlich unserer Partner oder Dienstanbieter, die uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste unterstützen. Informationen über die Kategorien solcher Drittempfänger finden Sie hier.
EMPFÄNGER-KATEGORIE
DATEN, DIE WEITERGEGEBEN WERDEN KÖNNEN
ZWECK DER WEITERGABE 
Wesentliche Dienstanbieter, die in unserem Auftrag Daten verarbeiten, um die Dienste zu erbringen, zu sichern und zu verbessern. 
Alle Daten mit Ausnahme der Daten, die lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind.
Wir können personenbezogene Daten an unsere vertrauenswürdigen Dienstanbieter weitergeben, die Technologien oder Plattformen bereitstellen, die für die Bereitstellung der Dienste unerlässlich sind ("Anbieter wesentlicher Dienste"). Zu diesen Anbietern wesentlicher Dienste gehören Hosting- und Server-Colocation-Dienste, Kommunikations- und Content-Delivery-Netze (CDNs), Internetdienstanbieter, Betriebssysteme und Plattformen, Daten- und Cybersicherheitsdienste, Betrugserkennungsdienste, Abrechnungs- und Zahlungsverarbeitungsdienste, Versand- und Abwicklungsdienste, Sitzungs- oder Aktivitätsaufzeichnungsdienste, Support- und Customer-Relation-Managementsysteme. Dienstanbieter haben Zugang zu diesen Daten oder verarbeiten sie in unserem Auftrag. Den Dienstanbietern ist es untersagt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für andere Zwecke als die Erbringung der von uns angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu verwenden. 
Marketing-Dienstleister 
Verhaltensdaten, Nutzungsdaten, Online-Kennungen, Kontodaten und Daten zur Profilerstellung.
Unsere Marketing-Dienstleister, die entweder in unserem Auftrag bestimmte Daten verarbeiten, die wir nutzen, um Sie gezielt zu adressieren und Ihnen unsere Dienste anzubieten, oder die uns die entsprechenden Tools zur Verfügung stellen ("Marketing-Dienstleister"). 
Beratende
Konto- und Registrierungsdaten, Kontaktinformationen und alle anderen Daten mit Ausnahme der Daten, die lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind. 
Unsere Rechts-, Finanz- und Compliance-Beratenden ("Beratende") können mit bestimmten personenbezogenen Daten in Berührung kommen. Die Beratenden sind an die mit ihren Privilegien einhergehenden Verpflichtungen oder Vertraulichkeitsvereinbarungen gebunden und dürfen keine personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben, es sei denn, im Rahmen der Erbringung der von uns beauftragten Dienstleistungen. 
Plattformen von Drittanbietern 
Registrierungsdaten, Werke und Popular-Pays-Marketplace-Aktivitäten. 
Unsere Dienste können Links auf Websites Dritter und Integrationen von Drittanbieterdiensten enthalten. Diese Websites und Dienste Dritter sowie sämtliche Informationen, die Sie in Bezug auf diese Websites und Dienste Dritter verarbeiten, einreichen, übermitteln, speichern oder anderweitig verwenden, werden nicht von den Nutzungsbedingungen und der Datenschutzrichtlinie von Lightricks abgedeckt und fallen daher unter die Bedingungen und Datenschutzpraktiken und-richtlinien der Drittpartei und nicht unter diese Datenschutzrichtlinie. Wenn die Dienste auf einen Dienst Dritter zugreifen, dann ermöglicht die API, über die die Integration vorgenommen wird, überdies der Drittpartei, Ihnen bestimmte Inhalte zu liefern sowie auf einige Kontoinhalte zuzugreifen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Ihre Kontoinhalte in einen integrierten Dienst Dritter (z. Instagram oder TikTok) hochladen oder anderweitig teilen oder bestimmte Funktionen dieser Dienste nutzen möchten, ermöglicht die API der entsprechenden Drittpartei, auf Ihre Kontoinhalte (z. Ihre Bildergalerie) zuzugreifen. 
Andere Nutzer 
Werke, Name, Kontaktdaten. 
Auf Grund der Beschaffenheit von Apps und den Features des Lightricks-Feed, sind bestimmte in der App verfügbare personenbezogene Daten für andere Nutzer der App sichtbar, z. Ihr Nutzername, Ihre Likes und Kommentare zu Inhalten anderer Nutzer. Wir teilen Ihre Fotos und Videos nur mit anderen Nutzern, wenn Sie dies aktiv entscheiden. 
Tochtergesellschaften und verbundene Unternehmen von 
Alle Daten mit Ausnahme der Daten, die lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind.
Wir können personenbezogene Daten intern innerhalb unserer Gruppe oder im Falle einer Unternehmenstransaktion (z. Verkauf eines wesentlichen Teils unseres Geschäfts, Fusion, Konsolidierung oder Verkauf von Vermögenswerten) weitergeben. Sollte Vorstehendes eintreffen, übernimmt unser verbundenes Unternehmen oder die erwerbende Gesellschaft die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Rechte und Verpflichtungen. 
Dritte, Behörden, Sicherheitsanbieter, Regierungsstellen oder autorisierte Dritte.
Alle Daten mit Ausnahme der Daten, die lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, je nach Zweck und Bedarf. 
Zum Schutz von Rechten und Sicherheit bzgl. unserer Dienste und Apps können personenbezogenen Daten an andere weitergeben werden, wenn wir in gutem Glauben der Ansicht sind, dass dies dem Schutz der Rechte, des Eigentums oder der persönlichen Sicherheit von Nutzern oder Privatpersonen oder einem Mitglied der Öffentlichkeit dient. Dies gilt auch für Zwecke der Rechts- und Strafverfolgung, h. als Reaktion auf eine bestätigte Anfrage im Zusammenhang mit Terrorakten, strafrechtlichen Ermittlungen oder mutmaßlichen rechtswidrigen Aktivitäten oder anderen Aktivitäten, die uns, Sie oder andere Nutzer, einer gesetzlichen Haftung aussetzen könnten, und zwar ausschließlich in dem Umfang, der für die Erfüllung eines solchen Zwecks erforderlich ist. Eine solche Offenlegung oder ein solcher Zugriff kann erfolgen, wenn wir in gutem Glauben der Ansicht sind, dass: wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind; eine Offenlegung im Zusammenhang mit Maßnahmen zur Ermittlung, Verhinderung oder Einleitung von Schritten in Bezug auf tatsächliche oder mutmaßliche rechtswidrige Aktivitäten, Betrug oder anderes Fehlverhalten angemessen ist oder eine Offenlegung zum Schutz unserer berechtigten Geschäftsinteressen (die Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Dienste a.) erforderlich ist. 
Wenn wir Informationen an Dienstanbieter und Partner weitergeben, stellen wir sicher, dass diese nur Zugang zu solchen Informationen haben, die für die Erbringung der Dienstleistungen unbedingt erforderlich sind. Diese Parteien sind verpflichtet, die erhaltenen Daten zu sichern und sie nur für vorher vereinbarte Zwecke zu verwenden und dabei alle geltenden Datenschutzbestimmungen einzuhalten (solche Dienstanbieter können andere nicht personenbezogene Daten zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen verwenden).
NUTZERRECHTE.
Wir sind uns darüber im Klaren, dass unterschiedliche Menschen unterschiedliche Bedenken und Präferenzen in Bezug auf den Datenschutz haben. Unser Ziel ist es, deutlich zu machen, welche Informationen wir erfassen, damit Sie eine sinnvolle Entscheidung auf der Grundlage ihrer Verwendungszwecke treffen können. Wir geben Ihnen die Möglichkeit, bestimmte Optionen, Rechte und Kontrollen im Zusammenhang mit Ihren Daten auszuüben. Je nach Ihrer Beziehung zu uns, der Rechtsordnung, in der sie leben und den für Sie geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen haben Sie das Recht, bestimmte Einschränkungen oder Rechte zu kontrollieren und deren Ausübung zu verlangen.
Für Einwohner von Kalifornien, Virginia und Colorado gilt unsere CCPA Privacy Notice. 
Ausführliche Informationen zu Ihren Rechten und wie Sie diese ausüben können, finden Sie im Formular "Data Subject Request Form" ("DSR"), das Sie hier abrufen und an unseren DSB unter: dpo@lightricks.com senden können.
Darüber hinaus stehen Ihnen innerhalb der App bestimmte Rechte zur Verfügung: Sie können Informationen in den App-Einstellungen jederzeit berichtigen, überarbeiten und löschen, eine erteilte Einwilligung kann leicht widerrufen werden, und Sie können sich von bestimmten Features und der Nachverfolgung abmelden; daher empfehlen wir Ihnen, die von uns bereitgestellten technischen Lösungen zu nutzen, um Ihre Rechte auszuüben.
Schließlich können Sie interessenbezogene Werbung über die Geräteeinstellungen oder über die Website der Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") NAI consumer opt-out und die Website der Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") DAA opt-out-Seite abbestellen. 
DATENSPEICHERUNG.
Sofern oben keine andere Aufbewahrungsfrist beschrieben ist, speichern wir die von uns erfassten personenbezogenen Daten im Allgemeinen so lange, wie sie für die oben genannten Zwecke erforderlich sind, wenn dies gesetzlich oder aufgrund von Vorschriften zulässig ist, oder bis Sie sich gegebenenfalls dagegen entscheiden. 
Andere Umstände, unter denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für längere Zeiträume aufbewahren können, wenn dies gesetzlich oder aufgrund von Vorschriften zulässig ist, sind unter anderem: wenn wir dazu in Übereinstimmung mit gesetzlichen, behördlichen, steuerlichen oder buchhalterischen Anforderungen verpflichtet sind, oder damit wir im Falle von Beschwerden oder Anfechtungen eine genaue Aufzeichnung über Ihre Geschäfte mit uns haben, oder wenn wir in vertretbarer Weise der Ansicht sind, dass ein Rechtsstreit in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten droht. 
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir, sofern nicht gesetzlich vorgeschrieben oder gesondert mit Ihnen vereinbart, nicht verpflichtet sind, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für einen bestimmten Zeitraum aufzubewahren, und dass es uns freisteht, sie jederzeit aus beliebigem Grund mit oder ohne Vorankündigung sicher zu löschen oder den Zugriff darauf zu beschränken. Wenn Sie Fragen zu unserer Datenaufbewahrungsrichtlinie haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte per E-Mail unter: dpo@lightricks.com. 
SICHERHEITSMASSNAHMEN.
Wir implementieren angemessene und branchenübliche technische, organisatorische und sicherheitsrelevante Maßnahmen, um das Schadens- bzw. Verlustrisiko in Bezug auf die Daten sowie unbefugten Zugriff bzw. unbefugte Nutzung der Daten zu minimieren. Diese Maßnahmen bieten jedoch keine absolute Datensicherheit. Obwohl wir uns bemühen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen, können wir dies nicht garantieren, und Sie können nicht davon ausgehen, dass die Dienste gegen Informationssicherheitsrisiken oder Angriffe gefeit sind. Da die Informationssicherheit in Teilen auch von der Sicherheit des Computers, Geräts oder Netzwerks abhängt, den/das Sie für die Kommunikation mit uns verwenden, hängt die Sicherheit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ebenfalls von Ihnen ab. Bitte stellen Sie sicher, dass Sie geeignete Maßnahmen zur Nutzung gesicherter Netzwerke und Geräte sowie zum Schutz Ihrer Zugangsdaten ergreifen.
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns unter: dpo@lightricks.com wenn Sie das Gefühl haben, dass Ihre Privatsphäre nicht ordnungsgemäß und in einer Art und Weise, die gegen unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie verstößt, behandelt wurde, oder wenn Sie von dem Versuch eines Dritten erfahren, unbefugten Zugang zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten. Wir werden uns in angemessener Weise bemühen, Sie und die zuständigen Behörden (sofern dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist) zu benachrichtigen, wenn wir einen Sicherheitsvorfall im Zusammenhang mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten entdecken. 
INTERNATIONALE DATENÜBERMITTLUNG unsere Datenserver, auf denen wir die Daten hosten und speichern, befinden sich auf der ganzen Welt, auch in den USA und der EU. Der Hauptsitz befindet sich in Israel, wo wir auf die Daten zugreifen können, die auf lokalen Servern, Cloud-Hosting-Servern oder anderen verwendeten Systemen und Plattformen gespeichert sind. Für den Fall, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in ein anderes Land übermitteln müssen, werden wir geeignete Maßnahmen ergreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ein angemessenes Schutzniveau erhalten, wie gemäß geltendem Recht vorgeschrieben. Wenn personenbezogene Daten, die innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums ("EWR"), des Vereinigten Königreichs oder der Schweiz erfasst wurden, in ein Land übermittelt werden, das keinem Angemessenheitsbeschluss der Europäischen Kommission oder des ICO unterliegt, ergreifen wir darüber hinaus die erforderlichen Maßnahmen, um sicherzustellen, dass während der Übermittlung dieser personenbezogenen Daten ausreichende Sicherheitsvorkehrungen gemäß den Bestimmungen der Standardvertragsklauseln der EU, des Vereinigten Königreichs oder der Schweiz getroffen werden. Daher werden wir von dem Datenimporteur vertragliche Verpflichtungen oder Zusicherungen zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten einholen, wobei wir vertragliche Schutzmaßnahmen verwenden, die von den Aufsichtsbehörden vorab genehmigt wurden, um den Schutz Ihrer Daten zu gewährleisten.
NUTZUNGSBERECHTIGUNG UND DATENSCHUTZ FÜR KINDER die Dienste sind nicht für die Nutzung durch Kinder bestimmt (der Begriff "Kind" bezeichnet eine Person unter dem nach geltendem Recht definierten Alter, das im EWR unter 16 Jahren und in den USA unter 13 Jahren liegt), und wir verarbeiten wissentlich keine Daten von Kindern. Wir werden alle Daten, die wir von einem Nutzer erhalten, der als "Kind" gilt, sofort löschen, wenn wir feststellen, dass ein solcher Nutzer Daten an uns übermittelt hat. Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns unter: dpo@lightricks.com, wenn Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass ein Kind Daten an uns übermittelt hat.
14. BESONDERHEITEN.
Brasilien: Wir haben diesen Bereich speziell für Nutzer in Brasilien eingerichtet. Nutzer in Brasilien haben nach brasilianischem Recht, einschließlich des Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais ("LGPD"), besondere Datenschutzrechte. Unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie und die Datenschutzkontrollen, die wir allen Nutzern bieten, stehen im Einklang mit diesen Gesetzen, dieser Hinweis stellt sicher, dass wir die brasilienspezifischen Anforderungen erfüllen. So können alle Nutzer beispielsweise eine Kopie ihrer Daten anfordern, die Löschung beantragen und ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen in der App kontrollieren. 
Informationen über den für die Datenverarbeitung Verantwortlichen sind oben in Abschnitt 2 zu finden. 
Die Rechtsgrundlage gemäß des LGPD ist der Vertrag (Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen aus der von uns eingegangenen Vereinbarung), das berechtigte Interesse (wir haben das Recht, das berechtigte Interesse, dies zu tun), die Zustimmung (wir haben Ihre Erlaubnis eingeholt) und die gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen. In den Tabellen in Abschnitt 4 sind die Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung der einzelnen Datensätze aufgeführt. 
USA: Bitte beachten Sie unsere CCPA Notice für Kalifornien, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado und Connecticut. 
ПОЛИТИКА КОНФИДЕНЦИАЛЬНОСТИ LIGHTRICKS
[Последняя редакция: 17 авг 2023 г.]
Lightricks Ltd., включая наши дочерние и аффилированные компании (далее совместно именуемые «Lightricks», «мы», «наш» или «нас», включая соответствующие словоформы данных слов), прилагает значительные усилия для обеспечения безопасного хранения и надлежащего использования обрабатываемых нами персональных данных, а также для того, чтобы наши пользователи и потенциальные пользователи в точности уведомлялись о наших правилах и процедурах обработки данных.
Lightricks является пионером в области инновационных технологий, которые объединяют воображение и творчество. Инструменты Lightricks для редактирования фото- и видеофайлов несут в себе бесчисленное количество возможностей и вдохновение, позволяя отдельным лицам, создателям контента и лидерам мнений монетизировать свой труд и предоставляя брендам возможности по масштабированию их контента через индивидуальные партнерства создателей произведений. Lightricks является глобальной компанией, предлагающей эти сервисы, приложения и технологии во всем мире. 
Настоящая Политика конфиденциальности (далее, «Политика» или «Политика конфиденциальности») содержит описание того, каким образом мы собираем, храним, используем и раскрываем информацию при использовании сервисов, технологий и приложений, описанных в настоящей Политике. Однако мы попытались подробно описать эти процессы в простой и удобной форме, так как Lightricks предлагает различные мобильные и веб-приложения (каждое из которых далее именуется «Приложением»), функции и ленты (далее, «Лента Lightricks»), а также коммерческую онлайн-площадку (далее, «Коммерческая онлайн-площадка Popular Pays»), объединяя бренды и агентства (далее, «Бренд(-ы)») с отдельными лицами, создателями контента и лидерами мнений (далее, «Создатель(-и)»), которые обрабатывают вашу информацию различными способами. Мы рекомендуем вам внимательно прочитать данный текст и связаться с нами, если у вас есть дополнительные вопросы. 
Действие настоящей Политики распространяется на следующих субъектов (совместно и по отдельности именуемых «вы» или «ваш», включая соответствующие словоформы данных слов): потенциальных клиентов и посетителей, просматривающих наши веб-сайты и целевые страницы, взаимодействующих с рекламой и кампаниями, продвигающими наши сервисы, блоги или другие веб-формы (далее, «Потенциальный клиент» или «Посетитель»); пользователей, устанавливающих и использующих наши Приложения; Бренды и Создателей, использующих Коммерческую онлайн-площадку Popular Pays; всех лиц, пользующихся нашими сервисами. 
Если вы постоянно проживаете в Колорадо, Вирджинии или Калифорнии, ознакомьтесь с нашим Уведомлением о конфиденциальности в соответствии с Законом штата Калифорния о защите персональных данных потребителей (далее, «Уведомление в соответствии с CCPA») в дополнение к настоящей Политике конфиденциальности. 
ВНЕСЕНИЕ ИЗМЕНЕНИЙ И ДОПОЛНЕНИЙ. 
Мы можем по своему собственному усмотрению периодически вносить изменения и дополнения в настоящую Политику. Действующая редакция Политики постоянно доступна на веб-сайте или в Приложениях. Дата внесения последних изменений и дополнений в Политику указывается в подзаголовке «Последняя редакция». В случае внесения существенных изменений или в случаях, предусмотренных законодательством, мы направляем уведомление, отражающее данные изменения. Все изменения и дополнения, вносимые в настоящую Политику, вступают в силу в течение 30 дней после опубликования нами обновленной редакции Политики. Мы рекомендуем вам периодически ознакомляться с текстом настоящей Политики, чтобы вы были осведомлены о наших актуальных правилах и процедурах в отношении персональных данных.
КОНТАКТНАЯ ИНФОРМАЦИЯ И РОЛИ.
Компания Lightricks Ltd. учреждена в соответствии с законодательством государства Израиль и, если иное прямо не указано в приведенной ниже таблице, является Контролером Персональных данных (в соответствии с тем, как данные термины определены в Общем регламенте ЕС по защите данных, далее, «Регламент GDPR», или аналогичных законодательных актах о защите персональных данных).
По всем вопросам, связанным с настоящей Политикой конфиденциальности или обработкой ваших Персональных данных, вы можете связаться с нами следующим образом контактная информация должностного лица, ответственного за защиту персональных данных: dpo@lightricks.com
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalem, Israel, 9190401
Запросы касательно наших правил и процедур в отношении персональных данных субъектов, проживающих в ЕС, можно направлять нашему Представителю по вопросам защиты данных (далее, «Представитель по вопросам защиты данных») следующим образом контактная информация Представителя по вопросам защиты данных: dpr@lightricks.com
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Запросы касательно наших правил и процедур в отношении персональных данных субъектов, проживающих в Великобритании, можно направлять нашему Представителю по вопросам защиты данных субъектов, проживающих в Великобритании, следующим образом контактная информация Представителя по вопросам защиты данных субъектов, проживающих в Великобритании: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
Lightricks (UK), 
ICO Registration number: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT United Kingdom.
ТИПЫ ОБРАБАТЫВАЕМЫХ НАБОРОВ ДАННЫХ 
ЦЕЛЬ, ЗАКОННОЕ ОСНОВАНИЕ И ОПЕРАЦИИ ПО ОБРАБОТКЕ ДАННЫХ
Ниже мы подробно описали в отношении каждого ресурса и сервиса обрабатываемые Персональные данные, цель их обработки, содержание операции, а также законное основание для такой обработки. Ниже приведены четыре таблицы: в Таблице A описаны Персональные данные, обрабатываемые при использовании наших Приложений; в Таблице B описаны Персональные данные, используемые для разработки программного обеспечения, машинного обучения ИИ, а также Персональные данные, иным образом используемые для внутренних целей; в Таблице C описаны Персональные данные, обрабатываемые при использовании Коммерческой онлайн-площадки Popular Pays; в Таблице D описаны Персональные данные, обрабатываемые при вашем взаимодействии с нашим веб-сайтом, рекламой или иными ресурсами. 
ТАБЛИЦА A: ПРИЛОЖЕНИЯ 
После установки Приложения вы осуществляете вход и создаете свою учетную запись (для пользователей iOS создание учетной записи необязательно). 
Вы можете осуществить вход, используя свою учетную запись Apple, Facebook или Google или введя свой адрес электронной почты и создав пароль. 
Если вы осуществляете вход через Facebook, Google или Apple, мы получаем информацию, связанную с такой учетной записью (в зависимости от выбранных вами настроек конфиденциальности), в частности, ваше имя, изображение профиля, список друзей, демографические данные и местоположение. 
Когда вы используете Приложения, мы или наши сторонние партнеры идентифицируем вас с помощью Онлайн-идентификаторов. «Онлайн-идентификаторы», это такие уникальные идентификаторы, как IDFA или AAID, IP-адрес, идентификатор устройства, идентификатор файла cookie, агент и т. п.
Мы также извлекаем из ваших изображений, фотографий и видеозаписей демографические данные, обрабатываемые на устройствах iOS, такие как возраст и пол.
Когда фотографии и изображения используются для создания графических материалов или добавления эффектов к вашим произведениям, выбранное изображение загружается в Облако Lightricks. Применение этих эффектов не подразумевает обработку каких-либо данных и не используется для идентификации вашей личности, и в Облаке Lightricks не сохраняются никакие данные, за исключением исходного изображения и обработанного изображения, которые удаляются в течение 30 дней, если вы не попросите об ином.
Мы обрабатываем демографические данные для продвижения персонализированных предложений Lightricks. Мы не используем ваши реальные фотографии, видеозаписи или Данные изображения человеческого лица в маркетинговых целях, и эта информация не передается третьим лицам. 
Для этого мы обрабатываем исходные изображения и видеозаписи (далее, «Исходные материалы»), загруженные в Облако Lightricks. Наши ИИ-технологии используют функцию распознавания человеческого лица для определения положения, местоположения и других характеристик человеческих лиц в кадре, не позволяющих идентифицировать конкретное физическое лицо, и могут обрабатывать Персональные данные, не относящиеся к пользователям, как более подробно описано в приведенном ниже разделе. 
Готовые материалы обычно хранятся на вашем устройстве, и мы не обладаем доступом к ним и не контролируем их, однако приобретенные вами Аватары хранятся в Облаке Lightricks, чтобы у вас был к ним постоянный доступ через Приложение с любого устройства, пока вы не решите удалить их. 
Мы используем данные, загруженные в Облако Lightricks, а именно, Исходные материалы и Готовые материалы, с целью предоставления Сервисов и создания Готовых материалов. 
Для создания Аватаров мы обрабатываем от 10 до 25 изображений в качестве Исходных материалов с целью предоставления Сервисов и выполнения наших договорных обязательств перед вами. В настоящее время мы используем модель нейронной сети Stable Diffusion, которая позволяет пользователям создавать персонализированные Аватары.
Исходные материалы удаляются в течение 24 часов, кроме случаев, когда Исходные материалы предоставляются для создания Аватара. В этом случае они удаляются сразу же после создания Аватара. 
Если мы смогли определить, что вы предоставили нам Персональные данные, не относящиеся к пользователям, например, изображения или видеозаписи, которые вы отправляете в рамках нашей функции «аватары пар», мы используем такие изображения или видеозаписи для создания аватара или других Готовых материалов и навсегда удаляем Исходные материалы из Облака Lightricks.
Для обработки Платежных данных мы можем использовать сторонние сервисы и платформы, такие как Adyen и Paypal, или обрабатывать их в рамках Покупки из приложения, в случае чего такие оплаты регулируются правилами Google Play или Apple Store. Таким образом, все транзакции, обрабатываемые сторонними платформами, регулируются их собственными правилами конфиденциальности и условиями, с которыми мы рекомендуем вам ознакомиться. 
Когда вы используете ленту Lightricks или делитесь своими произведениями в социальных сетях, мы обрабатываем такие предоставляемые вами Персональные данные, как фотографии профиля, имя, адрес электронной почты, учетные записи в социальных сетях и реакцию на размещенные в ленте информацию и материалы (далее, «Данные ленты»).
Мы используем Данные ленты для предоставления вам Сервисов ленты Lightricks и обеспечения вашего взаимодействия со сторонними социальными сетями.
В зависимости от используемого Приложения или функций, которые вы намереваетесь использовать, вам будет предложено предоставить нам разрешения на доступ, включая доступ к фотогалерее, включение инструментов отслеживания, push-уведомлений, доступ к вашим учетным записям в социальных сетях и т. п. (далее, «Разрешения для приложений»). 
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО AppsFlyer
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО Nimble
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО AppLovin
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО Facebook iOS
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО Firebase iOS
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО Google Sign-In iOS
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО Survey-Monkey iOS
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО TikTok
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО Braze
Мы пользуемся услугами сторонних поставщиков услуг анализа данных, таких как Google Analytics, сервисы Crashlytics и Firebase Google, а также Facebook. Мы можем раскрывать вашу информацию этим поставщикам услуг анализа данных, чтобы мы могли получить дополнительные сведения о том, как вы и другие лица используете наши сервисы комплект для разработки ПО Full Story
Pendo.io
ТАБЛИЦА B: МАШИННОЕ ОБУЧЕНИЕ ИИ И ВНУТРЕННЯЯ РАЗРАБОТКА 
Данные об использовании; 
Исходные материалы, включая положение и местоположение человеческого лица и другие его характеристики, не позволяющие идентифицировать конкретное физическое лицо, выявленные в Исходных материалах с помощью наших ИИ-технологий (исключая при этом Данные изображения человеческого лица, как этот термин определен выше). 
Мы используем эту информацию для персонализации предлагаемых вам сервисов, подготовки для вас предложений, соответствующих вашим интересам, а также для предложения дополнительных продуктов, приложений и сервисов Lightricks, которые, как мы полагаем, удовлетворят вашим пожеланиям. 
За исключением описанных выше случаев, модели, используемые для обучения и анализа, удаляются в течение 180 дней. 
Обратите внимание, что мы прилагаем все усилия для модерирования настроек модели ИИ с целью исключения непристойного или деструктивного контента, однако вы несете единоличную ответственность за то, чтобы загружаемые изображения, видеозаписи и другой контент не являлись незаконными, клеветническими, дискредитирующими, непристойными, порнографическими, неподобающими, неприличными, двусмысленными, раздражающими, угрожающими, нарушающими права на неприкосновенность частной жизни или имиджевые права, оскорбительными, подстрекательскими, мошенническими, и чтобы они не могли быть иным образом истолкованы как деструктивный контент. Если вы считаете какой-либо контент оскорбительным, свяжитесь с нами по адресу электронной почты dpo@lightricks.com. Использование ИИ-технологий также регулируется Условиями использования ИИ-технологий, доступными по ссылке website_url_lnk 
ТАБЛИЦА C: КОММЕРЧЕСКАЯ ОНЛАЙН-ПЛОЩАДКА POPULAR PAYS 
Когда Бренд регистрируется на Коммерческой онлайн-площадке Popular Pays, должна быть заполнена контактная информация зарегистрированных пользователей (имя, номер телефона, адрес электронной почты, веб-сайт и т. д.). 
Создателю произведений необходимо создать портфолио, включающее полное имя, адрес электронной почты, возраст, пол, местонахождение, адрес доставки, демографические данные, платежную информацию (включая данные его банковского счета или учетной записи Apple Pay / Google Pay), данные о его профессии или специализации (например, деятельность в сфере образа жизни, моды, индустрии красоты, финансового планирования), языковые предпочтения и т. п.
Загружаемые вами произведения также могут включать Персональные данные, однако мы являемся Обработчиком таких Персональных данных (как данные термины определены в Регламенте GDPR), размещая произведения на наших ресурсах от вашего имени. 
Мы собираем информацию о том, как, когда и где вы используете сервисы и входите в Учетную запись, а также о действиях, выполняемых на Коммерческой онлайн-площадке Popular Pays. 
Мы обрабатываем такие данные от имени Бренда, выступая в качестве Обработчика (в соответствии с тем, как данный термин определен в Регламенте GDPR), в соответствии с указаниями Бренда. 
Для обработки Платежных данных мы можем использовать сторонние сервисы и платформы, такие как Adyen, Stripe, Braintree и Paypal, или обрабатывать их в рамках Покупки из приложения, в случае чего такие оплаты регулируются правилами Google Play или Apple Store. Таким образом, все транзакции, обрабатываемые сторонними платформами, регулируются их собственными правилами конфиденциальности и условиями, с которыми мы рекомендуем вам ознакомиться.
ТАБЛИЦА D: ВЗАИМОДЕЙСТВИЕ ПОТЕНЦИАЛЬНЫХ КЛИЕНТОВ И ОТДЕЛЬНЫХ ЛИЦ С НАШИМ ВЕБ-САЙТОМ, РЕКЛАМОЙ И ЦИФРОВЫМИ АКТИВАМИ 
Использование Персональных данных, собранных в целях обеспечения работы веб-сайта с помощью основных файлов cookie, основано на наших законных интересах, заключающихся в обеспечении работы веб-сайта и сервисов. 
В зависимости от вашей страны проживания сторонние файлы cookie могут обрабатывать Персональные данные только в том случае, если вы предоставили на это свое согласие при ознакомлении с уведомлением об использовании файлов cookie посредством программного средства для получения согласия, используемого на веб-сайте. 
Вы можете в любое время отозвать свое согласие, воспользовавшись настройками файлов cookie. 
При условии получения вашего согласия, предоставляемого в приложении или посредством баннера с уведомлением об использовании файлов cookie, в зависимости от обстоятельств. 
Мы можем собирать различные категории ваших Персональных данных и Неперсонифицированных данных в зависимости от характера вашего взаимодействия с Сервисами, предоставляемыми через веб-сайт, Приложения, Веб-сервисы и Коммерческую онлайн-площадку Popular Pays, как указано выше. Если мы объединяем Персональные данные с Неперсонифицированными данными, такой массив объединенных данных будет считаться Персональными данными до тех пор, пока он существует в объединенном виде. 
КАК МЫ СОБИРАЕМ ВАШУ ИНФОРМАЦИЮ. 
В зависимости от характера вашего взаимодействия с нами мы можем собирать вашу информацию, подробно описанную выше, следующим образом, Автоматически, когда вы посещаете наш веб-сайт или взаимодействуете с нашими сервисами, в том числе с помощью Файлов cookie (как указано ниже) и аналогичных технологий отслеживания.
ФАЙЛЫ COOKIE И СХОДНЫЕ ТЕХНОЛОГИИ.
Мы можем использовать файлы cookie, пиксели слежения (также известные под названием пустых GIF-файлов и веб-маяков), комплекты для разработки ПО третьих лиц, перечисленные в приведенной выше таблице A, и другие технологии с целью поддержания работы нашего веб-сайта, онлайн-платформы с ее сервисами и наших Приложений, предоставления их пользователям и их улучшения. Мы используем файлы cookie для различных целей Личные настройки: этот тип файлов cookie помогает нам обеспечивать защиту наших сервисов и поддерживать их работоспособность, а также запоминает ваши предпочтения, поэтому вам не нужно заново настраивать их каждый раз во время посещения.
Мы можем использовать файлы cookie, пиксели слежения (также известные под названием пустых GIF-файлов и веб-маяков), комплекты для разработки ПО третьих лиц, перечисленные в приведенной выше таблице A, и другие технологии с целью поддержания работы нашего веб-сайта, онлайн-платформы с ее сервисами и наших Приложений, предоставления их пользователям и их улучшения. Мы используем файлы cookie для различных целей Статистические файлы cookie: эти инструменты используются в аналитических целях для лучшего понимания того, как используются сервисы, Приложения и веб-сайты.
Мы можем использовать файлы cookie, пиксели слежения (также известные под названием пустых GIF-файлов и веб-маяков), комплекты для разработки ПО третьих лиц, перечисленные в приведенной выше таблице A, и другие технологии с целью поддержания работы нашего веб-сайта, онлайн-платформы с ее сервисами и наших Приложений, предоставления их пользователям и их улучшения. Мы используем файлы cookie для различных целей Регистрационные файлы cookie: когда вы регистрируетесь и входите в учетную запись, мы генерируем файлы cookie, которые сообщают нам, осуществили ли вы вход или нет.
Мы можем использовать файлы cookie, пиксели слежения (также известные под названием пустых GIF-файлов и веб-маяков), комплекты для разработки ПО третьих лиц, перечисленные в приведенной выше таблице A, и другие технологии с целью поддержания работы нашего веб-сайта, онлайн-платформы с ее сервисами и наших Приложений, предоставления их пользователям и их улучшения. Мы используем файлы cookie для различных целей Маркетинговые файлы cookie: эти файлы cookie позволяют нам узнать, просмотрели ли вы рекламу или определенный тип рекламы, как вы взаимодействовали с такой рекламой и сколько времени прошло с того момента, как вы ее увидели. Мы также используем файлы cookie для целевой рекламы. Мы можем сотрудничать с рекламными сетями и другими поставщиками услуг по доставке рекламы, которые размещают рекламу от нашего имени и имени других лиц на платформах, не являющихся аффилированными. Некоторая такая реклама может быть персонализированной, что означает, что она должна быть актуальной для вас, исходя из информации об использовании вами нашего веб-сайта и других сайтов или приложений, которую рекламные сети и поставщики услуг по доставке рекламы собирают в течение определенного времени, включая информацию о взаимосвязи между различными браузерами и устройствами. Этот тип рекламы известен как персонализированная реклама.
Для получения дополнительной информации об используемых файлах cookie ознакомьтесь с нашей Политикой использования файлов cookie. 
ПЕРЕДАЧА ДАННЫХ, КАТЕГОРИИ ПОЛУЧАТЕЛЕЙ, КОТОРЫМ МЫ ПЕРЕДАЕМ ПЕРСОНАЛЬНЫЕ ДАННЫЕ.
Регистрационные данные, Произведения и данные о действиях на Коммерческой онлайн-площадке Popular Pays. 
Наши сервисы могут включать ссылки на сторонние веб-сайты и компоненты, интегрированные со сторонними сервисами. Такие веб-сайты и сторонние сервисы, а также вся информация, которую вы обрабатываете, отправляете, передаете, храните или иным образом используете при взаимодействии с такими веб-сайтами и сторонними сервисами, выходят за рамки условий использования и Политики конфиденциальности Lightricks и, соответственно, подпадают под действие условий, правил и процедур в отношении персональных данных таких третьих лиц, а не условий настоящей Политики конфиденциальности. Также, если Сервисы интегрированы со сторонним сервисом, интерфейс прикладного программирования (API), осуществляющий данную интеграцию, позволяет соответствующему третьему лицу предоставлять вам определенный контент, а также получать доступ к определенному вашему контенту. Например, если вы хотите загрузить свой контент в интегрированный сторонний сервис, такой как Instagram или TikTok, или иным образом поделиться своим контентом в таком интегрированном стороннем сервисе, или использовать определенные функциональные возможности такого сервиса, API позволит соответствующему третьему лицу получить доступ к вашему контенту (например, вашей библиотеке изображений). 
В связи с особенностями Приложений и Ленты Lightricks определенные Персональные данные, доступные в Приложениях, например, ваше имя пользователя, отметки «Нравится» («лайки») и комментарии к другому контенту, видны другим пользователям Lightricks в таких Приложениях. Мы никогда не делимся вашими фотографиями или видеоматериалами с другими пользователями, кроме случаев, когда вы намеренно согласились с этим. 
Для защиты прав и обеспечения безопасности наших сервисов и Приложений мы можем передавать Персональные данные другим лицам, если добросовестно полагаем, что это поможет защитить права и имущество или обеспечить личную безопасность пользователей, отдельных лиц и любых других физических лиц. Это осуществляется в целях правового характера и целях обеспечения правопорядка, то есть в качестве реакции на подтвержденные запросы в отношении террористических актов, уголовных расследований или возможной незаконной деятельности, а также любой другой деятельности, которая может подвергнуть нас, вас или любых других пользователей юридической ответственности, и только в тех случаях, когда это необходимо для достижения таких целей. Такое раскрытие персональных данных или предоставление доступа к персональным данным может осуществляться, если мы добросовестно полагаем, что мы обязаны сделать это в соответствии с требованиями законодательства; или что раскрытие персональных данных является необходимым в связи с расследованием и предотвращением фактической или предполагаемой незаконной деятельности, мошенничества или других противоправных деяний, или в связи с принятием мер в отношении указанной незаконной деятельности, мошенничества или других противоправных деяний; или что такое раскрытие персональных данных требуется для защиты наших законных деловых интересов, включая обеспечение безопасности и надежности наших сервисов. 
ПРАВА ПОЛЬЗОВАТЕЛЕЙ. 
Для получения подробной информации о своих правах и о том, как реализовать их, воспользуйтесь формой запроса субъекта данных (далее, «Форма запроса субъекта данных»), которая доступна здесь, и отправьте ее нашему Должностному лицу, ответственному за защиту персональных данных: dpo@lightricks.com. 
Наконец, вы можете отказаться от персонализированной рекламы в настройках устройства или на сайте Network Advertising Initiative («NAI»)- отказ потребителей NAI и на сайте Digital Advertising Alliance («DAA»), страница отказа DAA.
ХРАНЕНИЕ ДАННЫХ. 
Другие обстоятельства, при которых мы можем хранить ваши Персональные данные в течение более длительного периода времени, когда это разрешено законом или подзаконными нормативно-правовыми актами, включают следующие: когда мы обязаны делать это в соответствии с законодательными, нормативными, налоговыми требованиями или требованиями бухгалтерского учета; или для того, чтобы у нас имелись точные сведения о наших с вами отношениях в случае предъявления жалоб или претензий; или когда мы обоснованно полагаем, что существует вероятность судебного разбирательства в отношении ваших Персональных данных.
Обратите внимание, что за исключением случаев, предусмотренных действующим законодательством или конкретными договорами, заключенными между нами, мы не обязаны хранить ваши Персональные данные в течение какого-либо определенного периода времени и можем в любой момент и по любой причине удалить их или ограничить к ним доступ с соблюдением должных мер безопасности, уведомив либо не уведомив вас об этом. Если у вас есть вопросы в отношении нашей политики хранения персональных данных, свяжитесь с нами, отправив письмо на адрес электронной почты dpo@lightricks.com. 
МЕРЫ БЕЗОПАСНОСТИ. 
Пожалуйста, свяжитесь с нами по адресу электронной почты dpo@lightricks.com, если вы считаете, что защита ваших данных не была обеспечена должным образом, осуществлялась с нарушением нашей Политики конфиденциальности, или если вам стало известно о попытке третьих лиц получить несанкционированный доступ к каким-либо из ваших Персональных данных. В случае обнаружения нами инцидента в системе безопасности, связанного с вашими Персональными данными, мы приложим разумные усилия, чтобы уведомить об этом вас и соответствующие органы (если это предусмотрено действующим законодательством). 
ТРАНСГРАНИЧНАЯ ПЕРЕДАЧА ДАННЫХ.
13.СООТВЕТСТВИЕ ВОЗРАСТНЫМ КРИТЕРИЯМ И ЗАЩИТА ПЕРСОНАЛЬНЫХ ДАННЫХ ДЕТЕЙ.
Услуги не предназначены для их использования детьми (слово «ребенок» означает лицо, не достигшее возраста, установленного действующим законодательством, что в случае с ЕЭЗ означает, что лицо не достигло возраста 16 лет, а в случае с США, что лицо не достигло возраста 13 лет), и мы не осуществляем преднамеренную обработку персональных данных детей. Мы немедленно удаляем всю информацию, полученную нами от пользователя, который считается «ребенком», после обнаружения нами того, что такой пользователь предоставил нам информацию. Свяжитесь с нами по адресу электронной почты dpo@lightricks.com, если у вас есть основания полагать, что мы получили какую-либо информацию от ребенка. 
14.ОТДЕЛЬНЫЕ УСЛОВИЯ. 
Бразилия: мы подготовили данный раздел специально для пользователей из Бразилии. Пользователи в Бразилии имеют определенные права на неприкосновенность личной жизни, предусмотренные бразильским законодательством, включая Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (далее, «LGPD»). Наша Политика конфиденциальности и средства для обеспечения соблюдения требований к обработке персональных данных, которые мы предлагаем всем пользователям, соответствуют указанному законодательству, при этом данное уведомление гарантирует, что мы соблюдаем особые требования, предъявляемые законодательством Бразилии. Например, все пользователи могут запросить копию своих данных, их удаление, а также управлять своими настройками конфиденциальности в приложении. 
Информация о Контролере данных приведена выше в Разделе 2. 
Законными основаниями для обработки данных в соответствии с LGPD являются Договор (исполнение обязательств по заключенному нами договору), Законный интерес (у нас имеется право, законный интерес на осуществление этого), Согласие (мы запрашиваем ваше согласие) и Правовые обязательства. В Таблицах, приведенных в Разделе 4, подробно описываются законные основания для обработки каждого набора данных. 
США: ознакомьтесь с нашим Уведомлением в соответствии с CCPA для лиц, проживающих в Калифорнии, Неваде, Вирджинии, Колорадо и Коннектикуте. 
LIGHTRICKS GİZLİLİK POLİTİKASI
[Son Değiştirilme Tarihi: 17 Ağu 2023]
Bağlı kuruluşlarımız ve iştiraklerimiz de dâhil olmak üzere Lightricks Ltd. (topluca "Lightricks", "biz", "bizim", "bizi" veya "bize"), işlediğimiz kişisel verilerin güvenli bir şekilde depolandığından ve gereğince kullanıldığından ve veri işleme uygulamalarımızın kullanıcılarımız ve gelecekteki kullanıcılarımıza doğru bir şekilde ifade edildiğinden emin olmak için her türlü çabayı gösterir.
Lightricks, hayal ile yaratıcılık arasındaki boşluğu kapatan, yenilikçi teknolojilerde öncü bir şirkettir. Lightricks'in fotoğraf ve video düzenleme araçları sonsuz olasılıklar ve ilham kaynakları sunarak kişiler, içerik üreticiler ve fenomenlere çalışmalarından para kazanma imkânı, markalara ise içerik üreticilerle kurulan isteğe uyarlanmış ortaklıklar yoluyla içeriklerini ölçeklendirme fırsatları sunar. Lightricks, bu hizmetler, uygulamalar ve teknolojileri dünya çapında sunan küresel bir şirkettir. 
İşbu Gizlilik Politikasında ("Politika" veya "Gizlilik Politikası"), burada ayrıntılı olarak açıklanan hizmetler, teknolojiler ve uygulamalardan herhangi biri kullanılırken bilgileri nasıl topladığımız, sakladığımız, kullandığımız ve paylaştığımız açıklanmaktadır. Bu süreçleri basit bir şekilde ve dostça, ayrıntılı olarak açıklamaya çalıştık, ancak Lightricks çeşitli mobil uygulamalar ve web uygulamaları (her biri bir "Uygulama"), özellikler ve akışlar ("Lightricks Akışı") ve her biri bilgilerinizi farklı bir şekilde işleyen markalar ve acenteler ile ("Marka/Markalar") kişiler, içerik üreticiler ve fenomenleri ("İçerik Üretici/Üreticiler") bir araya getiren bir çevrimiçi pazar yeri ("Popular Pays Pazar Yeri") sunduğundan, dikkatle okumanızı ve herhangi bir sorunuz varsa bize ulaşmanızı öneririz. 
İşbu politika şu kişiler için geçerlidir (topluca ve ayrı ayrı "siz" "sizi" "size" veya "sizin" şeklinde anılacaktır): Web sitelerimize, açılış sayfalarımıza göz atan, hizmetlerimizi, bloglarımızı ve diğer web formlarımızı tanıtan reklamlar ve kampanyalarla etkileşime giren potansiyel kullanıcılar ve ziyaretçiler ("Potansiyel Kullanıcı" veya "Ziyaretçi"); Uygulamalarımızı yükleyen ve kullanan kullanıcılar; Popular Pays Pazar Yerini kullanan Markalar ve İçerik Üreticiler ve Hizmetlerimizi kullanan herkes. 
Colorado, Virginia veya California'da ikamet ediyorsanız: İşbu Gizlilik Politikasının yanı sıra lütfen CCPA Gizlilik Bildirimimizi ("CCPA Bildirimi") de inceleyin. 
Bize hiçbir zaman kişisel verilerinizi veya kişisel bilgilerinizi vermek zorunda değilsiniz. 
GÜNCELLEMELER VE DEĞİŞİKLİKLER işbu Politikayı tamamen kendi takdirimize bağlı olarak muhtelif zamanlarda güncelleyebilir ve değiştirebiliriz. Politikanın en son sürümüne her zaman web sitesinden ve Uygulamalardan erişilebilir. Politikanın güncellendiği tarih "Son Değiştirilme Tarihi" başlığı altında belirtilecektir. Önemli bir değişiklik yapılması veya yasaların zorunlu kılması halinde, bu değişiklikleri yansıtan bir bildirimde bulunacağız. Politikada yapılan tüm değişiklikler, değiştirilen Politikayı yayınlamamızın ardından 30 gün içerisinde yürürlüğe girecektir. En güncel gizlilik uygulamalarımızı bilmeniz için işbu Politikayı düzenli aralıklarla incelemenizi öneririz.
İLETİŞİM BİLGİLERİ VE ROLLER lightricks Ltd. İsrail devletinin yasaları çerçevesinde kurulmuş olup, aşağıdaki tabloda açıkça aksi belirtilmedikçe Kişisel Verilerin Veri Sorumlusudur (bu terimlerin Genel Veri Koruma Yönetmeliği "GDPR" veya eş değer bir gizlilik mevzuatı çerçevesinde tanımlandığı üzere).
İşbu Gizlilik Politikasına veya Kişisel Verilerinizin işlenmesine ilişkin herhangi bir sorunuz, talebiniz veya kaygınız varsa, bize şu yollardan ulaşabilirsiniz dPO İletişim Bilgileri: dpo@lightricks.com
Posta ile.
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalem, Israel, 9190401
AB ve Birleşik Krallık'taki ilgili kişiler için temsilcinin İletişim Bilgileri aB ve Birleşik Krallık'taki ilgili kişileri alakadar eden veri koruma konuları için Almanya'da ve Birleşik Krallık'ta temsilciler atamış durumdayız.
AB'deki gizlilik uygulamalarımıza ilişkin sorular ve talepler şu yollardan Veri Koruma Temsilcimize ("DPR") gönderilebilir dPR İletişim Bilgileri: dpr@lightricks.com
Posta ile.
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Birleşik Krallık'taki gizlilik uygulamalarımıza ilişkin sorular ve talepler şu yollardan Birleşik Krallık'taki DPR'mize gönderilebilir birleşik Krallık'taki DPR'mizin İletişim Bilgileri: uk-dpr@lightricks.com
Posta ile.
Lightricks (UK), 
ICO Registration number: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT United Kingdom.
İŞLENEN VERİ KÜMELERİNİN TÜRÜ 
Hizmetleri kullanımınız veya hizmetlerle etkileşiminiz sırasında toplu, kişisel olmayan, tanımlanmanızı sağlamayan bilgiler ("Kişisel Olmayan Veriler") toplarız. Toplanan Kişisel Olmayan Veriler arasında toplu kullanım bilgileri, anonimleştirilmiş bilgiler ve tarayıcı veya cihaz türü, dil tercihi, tarih ve saat damgası vb. teknik bilgiler yer alır. 
Ayrıca bir kişiyi tanımlayan veya makul bir çabayla bir kişiyi tanımlamak için kullanılabilecek bilgiler ("Kişisel Veriler") de toplarız. Topladığımız Kişisel Veri türlerinin yanı sıra bu verilerin işlenme amacı aşağıdaki tabloda belirtilmektedir. Şüpheye mahal bırakmamak adına, herhangi bir Kişisel Veri ile bağlantılı tüm Kişisel Olmayan Veriler, bu bağlantı mevcut olduğu sürece Kişisel Veri addedilecektir.
Demografik verileri ve aşağıda listelenen veri kümelerinden örnekleme yoluyla çıkarılan belirli profil çıkarma kriterlerini işleyebilir, resimlerinizden cinsiyetinizi ve yaşınızı belirleyebiliriz. 
AMAÇ, YASAL GEREKÇE VE İŞLEME OPERASYONLARI
Aşağıda, her bir varlık ve hizmet için, işlenen Kişisel Verileri, amacı, operasyonu ve işlemenin yasal gerekçesini açıklıyoruz. Aşağıda dört tablo yer almaktadır. Tablo A'da Uygulamalarımızı kullanırken işlenen Kişisel Veriler, Tablo B'de geliştirme, yapay zekâ makine öğrenimi veya diğer bir şekilde dâhili amaçlar için kullanılan Kişisel Veriler, Tablo C'de Popular Pays Pazar Yeri'ni kullanırken işlenen Kişisel Veriler ve Tablo D'de ise web sitemiz ve reklamlarımızla etkileşime girdiğinizde veya diğer bir şekilde etkileşim kurduğunuzda işlenen Kişisel Veriler ayrıntılı olarak açıklanmaktadır. 
TABLO A: UYGULAMALAR 
VERİ KÜMESİ
AMAÇ VE OPERASYONLAR
YASAL GEREKÇE 
Hesap Verileri.
Uygulamayı yükledikten sonra, giriş yapıp hesabınızı oluşturacaksınız (iOS kullanıcıları için hesap oluşturma isteğe bağlıdır). 
Apple, Facebook veya Google hesabınızla ya da e-posta adresinizi girip bir şifre belirleyerek giriş yapmayı seçebilirsiniz. 
Apple, Facebook veya Google ile giriş yaparsanız, adınız soyadınız, profil resminiz, arkadaş listeniz, demografik verileriniz ve konumunuz gibi bu hesabınızla bağlantılı bilgileri alırız (seçmiş olduğunuz gizlilik ayarlarına bağlı olarak). 
Hesap Verilerini kimliğinizi doğrulamak amacıyla bir hesap oluşturmak için kullanırız. Birkaç Uygulama kullanıyorsanız ve giriş yapmışsanız, bu çeşitli Uygulamalar arasında sizi tanımlayabilecek ve Uygulamaların her birinde işlenen bilgileri paylaşabiliriz. Size ayrıca faturaların yanı sıra, kaydolurken belirttiğiniz e-posta adresiniz vasıtasıyla pazarlama materyalleri de dâhil olmak üzere size materyaller ve içerikler gönderebiliriz ("Doğrudan Pazarlama").
Hesap Verilerinin işlenmesi bir sözleşmeyi icra etmek için gereklidir.
Doğrudan Pazarlama için işleme meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusundadır, dilediğiniz zaman abonelikten çıkarak pazarlama iletilerini almamayı tercih edebilirsiniz. Abonelikten çıksanız bile belirli operasyonel e-postaların yine de gönderileceğini belirtmek isteriz. 
Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılar ve Kullanım Verileri uygulamaları kullandığınızda, biz ve üçüncü taraf ortaklarımız sizi Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılar vasıtasıyla tanımlarız. "Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılar", IDFA veya AAID, IP adresi, cihaz kimliği, çerez kimliği, aracı vb. de dâhil, benzersiz tanımlayıcılardır.
Ayrıca, Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılara ait olabilecek veya olmayabilecek kullanım verilerini de doğrudan veya üçüncü taraf ortaklarımız aracılığıyla dolaylı olarak işleriz. Bir Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcıya ait olduğunda bu kullanım verileri Kişisel Veri olarak ele alınır. Aksi takdirde, eğer kullanım verileri toplu, anonimleştirilmiş veya kişisel verileri içermeyecek bir hale getirilmiş ise, Kişisel Veri olarak kabul edilmez. 
Kullanım verilerine Uygulama ile etkileşimleriniz, kullanılan özellikler, kullanım süresi, tıklama verileri, oluşan hatalara ilişkin bilgilerin yanı sıra, görüntülenen içerikler veya reklamlarla etkileşimleriniz, size sergilenen sayfalarda veya Uygulama ekranlarında görüntülenen reklamlar ve içeriklerin kayıtları ve bu içerikler ve reklamlarla bulunmuş olabileceğiniz tüm etkileşimler dahildir (topluca "Kullanım Verileri").
Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılar ve Kullanım Verileri analiz ve operasyon amaçları, hataları düzeltmek, dil tercihini ayarlamak, geçerli olduğu durumlarda uygulamayı kullanmanıza olanak vermek ve size uygulamanın işlevlerini sağlamak için kullanılır. 
Uygulamalardan bazılarında, Kullanım Verilerine dayalı olarak ilgi alanına dayalı reklamlar veya diğer pazarlama materyalleri ve promosyonlar da görüntülenir. 
İşleme pazarlama veya izleme amaçlı olduğunda, Kişisel Verileri yalnızca açık rızaya dayalı olarak işleriz. 
Kişisel Verilerin işlenmesi operasyonlar ve Uygulama işlevlerini sağlamak amaçlı olduğunda, yasal gerekçesi sözleşme gereklilikleri olacaktır. 
Son olarak da Kişisel Veriler hizmetlerimizin nasıl kullanıldığını anlamak, hataları gidermek ve tekliflerle promosyonları kişiselleştirmek suretiyle de dâhil deneyimi iyileştirmek yönündeki meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusunda işlenebilir. 
Resimler, Fotoğraflar ve Videolar hizmetleri etkinleştirmek için, ya bize fotoğraf galerinize erişim izni vermeniz ya da galerinizden fotoğrafları yüklemeniz gerekir. Yüz kısımlarıyla (örneğin gözler, burun veya ağız) yüzdeki ve gözlerdeki noktaların tahmini konumunu belirlemek için resimler, fotoğraflar ve videolar cihazınızda işlenir ve bunlar resimler ve videoları gerçek zamanlı olarak düzenlemenizi sağlamak için kullanılan genel bir yüz modeline uygulanır ("Yüz Verileri").
Ayrıca resimleriniz, fotoğraflarınız ve videolarınızdaki yaş ve cinsiyet gibi iOS cihazlarınızda işlenen demografik verileri de toplarız.
Fotoğraflar ve resimler sanat eserleri oluşturmak veya eserlerinize efekt eklemek için kullanıldığında, seçilen resim Lightricks Bulut'a yüklenir. Hiçbir veri bu efektler tarafından işlenmez veya sizi tanımlamak için kullanılmaz ve siz aksini talep etmedikçe 30 gün içerisinde silinen orijinal resim ve çıktı resmi haricinde hiçbir veri Lightricks Bulut'ta depolanmaz.
Verileri, resimleriniz, videolarınız ve medyalarınızı düzenleme imkânı da dâhil olmak üzere Uygulamalarda sunulan özelliklerin kullanılabilmesine olanak vermek için işleriz.
Demografik verileri, Lightricks tarafından sunulan kişiselleştirilmiş teklifleri pazarlamak için işleriz. Gerçek resimlerinizi, videolarınızı ve Yüz Verilerinizi pazarlama amaçları doğrultusunda kullanmayız ve bu bilgiler hiçbir üçüncü tarafla paylaşılmaz. 
Yüz Verileri cihazınızda işlenir. Yüz Verilerini toplamayız, sunucularımızda depolamayız ve üçüncü taraflarla paylaşmayız. 
Yüz Verileri de dâhil olmak üzere resimler, videolar ve fotoğrafları hizmetleri sağlamak ve sözleşmeler çerçevesindeki size karşı olan yükümlülüklerimizi yerine getirmek amacıyla işleriz. 
Yüz Verilerini kullanan projeleri depolamayı seçerseniz, veriler siz projeyi silene, depolama limitleri nedeniyle proje otomatik olarak silinene veya siz Uygulamayı silene dek cihazınızda depolanır.
Eğer fotoğraf galerinize erişim izni verdiyseniz, bu izni dilediğiniz zaman kaldırabilirsiniz. 
Yapay Zekâ Araçları ve Avatarlar bazı uygulamalar resimler, fotoğraflar ve videoları düzenlemek, kişiselleştirilmiş büyülü avatarlar ("Avatarlar"), hareketler ve efektler, sanat tarzları oluşturmak, metni resme dönüştürmek vb. (topluca "Çıktılar") için yapay zekâ ("YZ") teknolojisi içerir.
Bunun için, Lightricks Bulut'a yüklenmiş orijinal resimler ve videoları ("Girdiler") işleriz. YZ teknolojimiz çerçevede yer alan yüzlerin pozunu, konumunu ve kişinin tanımlanmasını sağlamayan diğer özellikleri belirlemek için yüz algılamayı kullanır ve aşağıdaki bölümde açıklandığı üzere kullanıcılara ait olmayan Kişisel Verileri işleyebilir. 
Çıktılar genellikle cihazınızda saklanır ve bizim bunlara erişimimiz veya bunlar üzerinde hiçbir kontrolümüz yoktur, ancak satın aldığınız Avatarlar Lightricks Bulut'ta depolanır; böylece siz onları silene dek dilediğiniz zaman ve herhangi bir cihazdan Uygulama vasıtasıyla bu Avatarlara erişebilirsiniz. 
Hizmetleri sağlamak ve Çıktıyı oluşturmak amacıyla Lightricks Bulut'a yüklenen verileri, yani Girdi ve Çıktıyı kullanırız. 
Avatarları oluşturmak için, hizmetleri sağlamak ve sözleşmeler çerçevesindeki size karşı olan yükümlülüklerimizi yerine getirmek amacıyla Girdi olarak 10 ila 25 resim işleriz. Şu anda, kullanıcıların kişiselleştirilmiş Avatarlar oluşturmalarına olanak veren Stable Diffusion sinir ağı modelini kullanmaktayız. 
Girdi Avatarı oluşturmak için sağlanmadıkça, ki bu durumda Avatar oluşturulduğunda Girdi hemen silinir, Girdiler 24 saat içerisinde silinir. 
Kullanıcılara ait Olmayan Kişisel Veriler örneğin "çiftlerin avatarları" özelliğimizle bağlantılı olarak gönderdiğiniz resimler veya videolar gibi, bize kullanıcılara ait olmayan Kişisel Veriler gönderdiğinizi tespit edersek, resimler veya videoları avatarı veya diğer bir Çıktıyı oluşturmak için kullanır ve Girdileri Lightricks Bulut'tan kalıcı olarak sileriz.
Ayrıca arkadaşlarınızı da Uygulamalarımızı kullanmaya davet edebilirsiniz. Bunu yaptığınızda, arkadaşınızın/arkadaşlarınızın iletişim bilgilerini (e-posta adresi veya telefon numarası gibi) paylaşmanız istenecektir. 
Fotoğrafı yalnızca Hizmetleri sağlamak amacıyla işleriz, orijinal fotoğrafı başka hiçbir şekilde kullanmayız. 
Arkadaşlarınızın iletişim bilgilerini yalnızca Hizmetleri kullanmaları için onlara bir davet göndermek amacıyla kullanırız, bu verileri başka hiçbir amaç doğrultusunda kullanmayız. 
Kullanıcımıza Hizmetleri sağlama yönündeki meşru çıkarımız. 
Destek.
Müşteri desteği için bizimle iletişime geçtiğinizde iletişim bilgilerinizi işleriz. 
İletişim bilgilerini ihtiyaç duyulan müşteri desteğini sağlamak için kullanırız. Bu iletişimleri ihtiyaç duyulduğu sürece ve desteğin sağlandığını kanıtlamak için saklarız. 
Bu bilgileri destek hizmetlerini sağlamak ve sözleşmeler çerçevesindeki yükümlülüklerimizi yerine getirmek için işleriz. 
Anketler ve Geri Bildirimler sizden hizmetlerimiz hakkında geri bildirim sağlamanızı isteyebiliriz. Eğer bu tür bir geri bildirim sağlama talebimizi yerine getirmeyi veya anketimize katılmayı seçerseniz, geri bildiriminizi ve adınız soyadınız, e-posta adresiniz vb. iletişim bilgilerinizi toplarız.
Bu bilgileri Hizmetimizi geliştirme, değiştirme ve iyileştirmenin yanı sıra Hizmetlerimizi optimize etmek ve isteğe uyarlamak için kullanırız. 
Bu bilgileri açık rızanıza bağlı olarak işleriz. Açık rızanızı dilediğiniz zaman işbu Politikada belirtilen iletişim bilgileri vasıtasıyla bize ulaşarak geri alabilirsiniz.
Satın Alma Bilgileri.
Belirli özellikler ve Hizmetler ya Uygulama içi ödemeler ya da abonelik ödemeleri yoluyla ödemeye tabidir. Ödemeler üçüncü taraf ödeme hizmetleri ile uygulama içi satın alma ("IAP") yoluyla yapılır, ancak satın alma ve fiyat kayıtları, sevkiyat bilgileri (varsa), adres, irtibat telefon numarası ve e-posta adresi gibi ticari işlem verilerini işleriz. 
Bu bilgileri ödemelerinizi işlemek için kullanırız. 
Ödeme Verilerini işlemek için örneğin Adyen ve Paypal gibi üçüncü tarafların hizmetleri ve platformlarını kullanır ya da Google Play veya Apple Store kapsamında IAP yoluyla işleriz. Bunun sonucunda da üçüncü tarafların platformları aracılığıyla işlenen tüm işlemler ilgili platformun kendi gizlilik politikasına ve hükümlerine tabi olacaktır. 
Sizinle aramızdaki sözleşmeyi icra etmek. 
Sosyal Medya.
Lightricks akışını kullandığınızda veya eserlerinizi sosyal medyada paylaştığınızda, profil fotoğrafları, ad soyad, e-posta adresi, sosyal medya hesapları, akış gönderilerine tepkiler gibi, sunduğunuz Kişisel Verileri ("Akış Verileri") işleriz.
Akış Verilerini size Lightricks Akışı Hizmetlerini sağlamak ve üçüncü taraf sosyal medya ile etkileşim kurmanızı mümkün kılmak için kullanırız.
Akış Verilerini sizinle aramızdaki bir sözleşmeyi icra etmek için işleriz. Herkese açık yaptığınız bilgilerin, Uygulamayı ve Hesabı silseniz bile silinmeyebileceğini belirtmek isteriz. 
İzinler.
Kullanılan Uygulamaya veya keyfini çıkarmak istediğiniz özelliklere bağlı olarak, bize fotoğraf galerisine erişim, izleme araçlarını etkinleştirme, anlık bildirimler, sosyal medya hesaplarınıza erişim vb. erişim izinleri vermeniz istenecektir ("Uygulama İzinleri") 
Bu izinleri Hizmeti sağlamak veya geliştirmek için ihtiyaç duyulan bilgileri işlemek için kullanırız. 
Bu Uygulama İzinlerine erişmek için, bunları uygulama içi izinlerden veya mobil cihazınızın ayarlarından bilfiil ve açıkça etkinleştirmeniz gerekir. Uygulama İzinlerini dilediğiniz zaman devre dışı bırakabilirsiniz, ancak devre dışı bıraktığınız Uygulama İznine bağlı olarak bir özellik veya tüm özellikler düzgün bir şekilde çalışmayabilir. 
Uygulamalarımıza entegre edilmiş yazılım geliştirme setleri hakkında daha fazla bilgi için aşağıya bakınız google Analytics, Google'ın Crashlytics ve Firebase hizmetleri gibi üçüncü taraf analiz hizmeti sağlayıcılarını ve Facebook'u kullanırız. Sizin ve başkalarının hizmetlerimizi nasıl kullandığı hakkında daha fazla bilgi almak için bilgilerinizi bu analiz hizmeti sağlayıcıları ile paylaşabiliriz.
AppsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
Bilgileri üçüncü taraf analiz hizmeti sağlayıcıları ile pazarlama ve izleme amaçları, analiz ve operasyon amaçları, hataları düzeltmek, dil tercihini ayarlamak, geçerli olduğu durumlarda uygulamayı kullanmanıza olanak vermek ve size uygulamanın işlevlerini sağlamak için paylaşırız. 
İşleme pazarlama veya izleme amaçlı olduğunda, Kişisel Verileri yalnızca açık rızaya dayalı olarak işleriz. Aksi takdirde, bu SDK'leri meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusunda işleriz. 
TABLO B: MAKİNE ÖĞRENİMİ VE DÂHİLİ GELİŞTİRME 
VERİ KÜMESİ
AMAÇ VE OPERASYONLAR
YASAL GEREKÇE 
Kullanım Verileri 
YZ teknolojimiz tarafından Girdilerde algılanan poz, konum ve kişinin tanımlanmasını sağlamayan diğer yüz özellikleri de dâhil (ancak yukarıda tanımlandığı üzere Yüz Verileri hariç) Girdiler
Verileri, içerikleri zenginleştirmek ve Hizmetlerde sunulan özellikleri iyileştirmek için kullanırız. 
Bu bilgileri size sunulan hizmeti kişiselleştirmek, teklifleri ilgi alanlarınıza uyarlamak ve hoşunuza gideceğine inandığımız ek Lightricks ürünleri, uygulamaları ve hizmetleri sunmak için kullanırız. 
YZ teknolojisini geliştirmek ve daha iyi Hizmetler sunmak için, Girdinin belirli kısımlarını anonimleştirilmiş bir şekilde, algoritmayı eğitmek ve modeller oluşturmak (örneğin difüzyon modelleri, GAN ve diğerleri). Girdi size bağlanamaz, sizinle tanımlanamaz ve sizi tanımlamak için kullanılamaz. Girdiyi bir bütün halinde kullanmayız, bunun yerine Girdiden çıkarılan belirli kopyaları işleriz. 
Bu modelleri kullanarak sizin ya da başka bir kişinin kimliğini doğrulayamaz veya sizi ya da başka bir kişiyi benzersiz bir şekilde tanımlayamayız ve bunu amaçlamamaktayız. 
Buna ek olarak, Girdinizde algılanan görüntüleri, metinden resme ve Avatar oluşturma gibi YZ özelliklerinin performansını geliştirmek için ve verileri makine öğreniminde kullanılmak üzere etiketlemek amacıyla "köpek" veya "kedi" ve erkek veya kadın şeklinde otomatik olarak etiketleriz. Etiketlenen verilerin tanımlanmış bir kişiye bağlanmadığını belirtmek isteriz.
Makine öğrenmesi ve veri etiketleme meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusunda Hizmetlerimizi ve teknolojimizi iyileştirmek için işlenir. Cihaz tanımlayıcıları ve Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılar gibi tanımlama bilgilerinin, Girdi de dâhil olmak üzere öğrenme ve eğitme için kullanılan bilgilerle bağlantılı olmamasını sağlarız, yani Girdi sizinle tekrar tanımlanamaz ve size bağlanamaz.
Yukarıda açıklananlar dışında, öğrenme ve eğitme için kullanılan modeller 180 gün içinde silinir. 
YZ modelinin ayarlarını hiçbir uygunsuz veya zararlı içerik barındırmayacak şekilde düzenlemek için elimizden gelen her türlü çabayı göstersek de yasa dışı, karalayıcı, onur kırıcı, müstehcen, pornografik, açık saçık, ahlaksız, davetkar, mütecaviz, tehdit edici, gizlilik veya yayın haklarını ihlal eden, küfürlü, kışkırtıcı, sahte veya diğer bir şekilde zararlı olarak nitelendirilemeyecek resimler, videolar ve diğer içerikler yüklemek yalnızca sizin sorumluluğunuzdadır. Herhangi bir içeriği rahatsız edici bulursanız, lütfen bizimle dpo@lightricks.com adresinden iletişime geçin. YZ teknolojilerinin kullanımı şu adreste mevcut olan YZ Koşullarına da tabidir: website_url_lnk 
TABLO C: POPULAR PAYS PAZAR YERİ 
VERİ KÜMESİ
AMAÇ VE OPERASYONLAR
YASAL GEREKÇE 
Kayıt.
Marka Popular Pays Pazar Yeri'ne kaydolduğunda yetkili kullanıcının iletişim bilgilerini (ad soyad, telefon numarası, e-posta adresi, web sitesi vb.) girer. 
Kayıt işlemi tamamlandıktan ve Marka Hesabı oluşturulduktan sonra, Marka, kampanyaları, istatistikleri ve kampanyalarına, kullanıcıların katılımına ve benzerlerine ilişkin analizler gibi, başka veriler içeren panoya erişim sahibi olacaktır. 
Bu bilgileri bir hesap oluşturmak, hesap yönetimi sağlamak, İçerik Üreticiler ile etkileşim kurmanıza olanak vermek, pazarlama kampanyalarını gerçekleştirmek, destek ve talep edilen tüm Hizmetleri sağlamak için kullanırız. 
Kampanya bilgileri toplu analizler şeklinde sağlanır. 
İşleme, bir sözleşmeyi icra etmek için gereklidir. 
İçerik Üretici Hesapları.
Bir İçerik Üretici; ad soyad, e-posta adresi, yaş, cinsiyet, konum, sevkiyat adresi, demografik veriler, ödeme bilgileri (bu bilgiler banka hesap bilgilerinizi veya Apple-Pay/ Google-Pay hesabınızı içerir) mesleğiniz veya uzmanlık alanlarınız (ör. hayat tarzı, moda, güzellik, finansman planlaması), dil tercihleri ve benzerlerini içeren bir portföy oluşturmalıdır.
Portföy aracılığıyla sunduğunuz bu tür tüm bilgiler "Portföy Verileri" olarak addedilir.
Buna ek olarak, kampanyalara katılabilmek için, İçerik Üreticinin eserlerini portföye yüklemesi, Markaların İçerik Üreticinin çalışmalarını, biyografisini ve etkileşime girdiği takipçi türlerini inceleyebileceği sosyal medya hesaplarını entegre etmesi de gerekir. 
Portföy Verilerini portföyü oluşturmak, Markalar tarafından incelenmeye hazır etmek, Markalarla etkileşim kurmanıza olanak vermek, hesap yönetimi sağlamak, destek ve talep edilen tüm Hizmetleri sağlamak için kullanırız. 
Yüklenen içerikleri ve Portföy Verilerini ayrıca takipçi kitleniz ve içeriklerinize ilişkin toplu bilgiler (ör. cinsiyet, yaş aralığı, coğrafi konum vb.) oluşturmak için de kullanırız.
Portföy Verileri, hizmetleri sağlamaya ilişkin olarak sözleşmeler çerçevesindeki yükümlülüklerimizi yerine getirmek için gereklidir.
Bilgiler, meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusunda işlenir. 
Yüklediğiniz eserler Kişisel Veriler de içerebilir, ancak bu Kişisel Verilerin Veri İşleyeni (bu terimin GDPR çerçevesinde tanımlandığı üzere) olduğumuzdan, eserleri sizin adınıza barındırırız. 
Kullanım Verileri.
Hizmeti nasıl, ne zaman ve nerede kullandığınız, Hesaba nasıl, ne zaman ve nereden eriştiğiniz ve Popular Pays Pazar Yeri'nde gerçekleştirilen eylemlere ilişkin bilgileri toplarız. 
Bu bilgileri yalnızca Hizmetleri iyileştirmek ve hataları gidermek amacıyla kullanırız. 
İşleme, bir sözleşmeyi icra etmek için gereklidir. 
Müşteri Desteği.
Müşteri desteği için bizimle iletişime geçtiğinizde iletişim bilgilerinizi işleriz. 
İletişim bilgilerini ihtiyaç duyulan müşteri desteğini sağlamak için kullanırız. Bu iletişimleri ihtiyaç duyulduğu sürece ve desteğin sağlandığını kanıtlamak için saklarız. 
Bu bilgileri destek hizmetlerini sağlamak ve sözleşmeler çerçevesindeki yükümlülüklerimizi yerine getirmek için işleriz. 
Doğrudan Pazarlama.
Size hizmet iletişimleri ve yeni özellikler, ek teklifler, özel fırsatlar veya değerli bulacağınızı düşündüğümüz tüm diğer bilgiler gibi pazarlama promosyonları göndeririz. 
Bu bilgileri sizi teklifler ve içeriklerden haberdar etmek ve operasyonlar (faturalar, teklifler vb.) için kullanırız. 
Bu bilgileri meşru çıkarlarımıza bağlı olarak işleriz. Aldığınız e-postalardaki "abonelikten çık" bağlantısı vasıtasıyla dilediğiniz zaman bu iletileri artık almamayı tercih edebilirsiniz. 
Kampanyalar.
Bir Marka olarak, size belirli kitleleri hedef alarak son kullanıcılara ilgili içerikleri teslim edebilmenize olanak veren hizmetler sağlarız. 
Hedeflenen kampanyalar, topladığımız ve analiz ettiğimiz segmentlere ("İçgörüler") dayalı olarak, Markanın mevcut müşterileriyle aynı ve benzer ilgi alanlarına sahip gibi görünen potansiyel müşterilere yönlendirilir.
Bu İçgörüleri, Pazar Yeri vasıtasıyla sağlanan hizmetler kapsamında, Marka adına hedefleme kampanyaları için kullanırız. 
Bunları Marka adına bir Veri İşleyen (bu terimin GDPR çerçevesinde tanımlandığı üzere) olarak ve Markanın talimatları doğrultusunda işleriz. 
Tanıtım Rezervasyonu.
Ücretsiz bir tanıtım rezervasyonu yapmayı tercih ederseniz, bize adınız soyadınız, telefon numaranız ve şirket e-posta adresinizi vermeniz istenecektir.
Bu iletişim bilgilerinizi, talep ettiğiniz bilgi ve hizmetleri size sağlamak için kullanırız.
Bu bilgileri meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusunda işleriz. 
Bu bilgileri ödemelerinizi işlemek için kullanırız. 
Ödeme Verilerini işlemek için örneğin Adyen, Stripe, Braintre ve Paypal gibi üçüncü tarafların hizmetleri ve platformlarını kullanır ya da Google Play veya Apple Store'a tabi olan IAP yoluyla işleriz. Bunun sonucunda da üçüncü tarafların platformları aracılığıyla işlenen tüm işlemler ilgili platformun kendi gizlilik politikasına ve hükümlerine tabi olacaktır.
Sözleşme Gereklilikleri 
TABLO D: POTANSİYEL KULLANICILAR VE BİREYLERİN WEB SİTEMİZ, REKLAMLARIMIZ VE DİJİTAL VARLIKLARIMIZLA ETKİLEŞİMLERİ
VERİ KÜMESİ
AMAÇ VE OPERASYONLAR
YASAL GEREKÇE 
Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılar ve Kullanım Verileri web sitemizle etkileşim kurduğunuzda, Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcıları ve Kullanım Verilerini (yani erişim zamanı ve tarihi, web sitesi içerisindeki gezintiler, tıklamalar, süre, yönlendirilen URL'ler, görüntülenen içerikler vb.) doğrudan veya dolaylı olarak toplarız.
Bu bilgileri web sitesini iyileştirme ve hataları tanımlamanın yanı sıra istatistik, analiz ve pazarlama amaçları doğrultusunda kullanırız. 
Birinci taraf çerezleri aracılığıyla web sitesini işletmek için toplanan Kişisel Veriler, web sitesinin ve hizmetlerin çalışmasını mümkün kılma meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusunda toplanır. 
Bulunduğunuz yargı alanına bağlı olarak, üçüncü taraf çerezleri, yalnızca çerez bildirimi ve web sitesinde kullanılan onay yönetimi aracı vasıtasıyla onay verdiğiniz takdirde Kişisel Verileri işleyebilir. 
Verdiğiniz onayı dilediğiniz zaman çerez tercihleri ayarlarını kullanarak geri alabilirsiniz. 
Reklamlar.
Hizmetleri pazarladığımız zaman, bu reklam kampanyalarını yönetmek için üçüncü taraf sağlayıcılar veya araçlar kullanırız. Bu araçlar vasıtasıyla, bireylerin yolculuğu, reklamımıza ne zaman tıkladıkları veya bu kampanya veya uygulamayı yükleyip yüklemedikleri, kampanya veya uygulamaya abone olup olmadıkları ya da katılıp katılmadıkları gibi bilgileri toplarız. 
Pazarlama kampanyalarımızı, reklam yönetimi ve satış operasyonlarımızı gerçekleştirmek, desteklemek ve optimize etmek ve başka web siteleri ve uygulamalardakiler de dâhil olmak üzere ürün ve hizmetlerimizin reklamlarını yönetmek ve yapmak. 
Geçerli olduğu durumlarda, uygulama içi izinler veya çerez başlığı vasıtasıyla verdiğiniz onaya dayalı olarak. 
İletişim Bilgileri.
Sohbet, e-posta yoluyla veya başka bir yoldan bizimle gönüllü olarak iletişim kurarsanız, bir anket doldurur veya geri bildirimde bulunursanız, adınız soyadınız, e-posta adresiniz gibi belirli bilgileri ve bizimle paylaşmaya karar verdiğiniz diğer herhangi bir ek bilgiyi bize sağlamanız gerekir.
Eğer bizimle başka bir kişi adına iletişim kuruyorsanız, başkalarına sağladığınız yardım ve verdiğiniz özen bizim için değerlidir. Kişisel Verilerini sağladığınız bir kişinin bu beyanın ilkelerinin farkında olduğundan ve Kişisel Verilerini bu esasta sağlayacağınızı kabul ettiğinden emin olmanın sizin sorumluluğunuz olduğunu belirtmek isteriz.
Bilgileri talebinizi veya sorunuzu yanıtlamak için işleriz. İletişim bilgilerini satış hizmetlerimizi veya müşteri desteğimizi iyileştirmek için de işleyebiliriz.
Bilgileri talebinizi veya sorunuzu yanıtlamak için meşru çıkarlarımız doğrultusunda işleriz. Bu iletişimleri, yasalar çerçevesinde eğer zorunlu isek saklayabiliriz. 
Çağrı Kayıtları.
Potansiyel Kullanıcımızla iletişim kurarken çağrıları kaydedebiliriz ("Çağrı Kayıtları").
Bu Çağrı Kayıtlarını satış çabalarımızı yönetmek, ölçmek, iyileştirmek ve Hizmetlerimizi geliştirmek için kullanırız. 
Çağrı Kayıtlarını, konuşmamızın başında sizden alınacak olan onayınıza dayalı olarak işleriz. 
Bülten Aboneliği.
Bültenimizi, blog güncellemelerimizi veya diğer pazarlama materyallerimizi almak için kaydolmanız durumunda, örneğin e-posta adresiniz gibi iletişim bilgilerinizi sağlamanız gerekecektir. 
E-postanızı, size bültenimizi ve diğer pazarlama materyallerimizi göndermek için kullanırız. 
Bu iletişim bilgilerini açık rızanıza dayalı olarak işleriz. Açık rızanızı dilediğiniz zaman e-postalardaki "abonelikten çık" bağlantısı vasıtasıyla veya doğrudan bizimle iletişime geçerek geri alabilirsiniz. 
Yukarıdaki tabloda açıklanan her bir kullanım amacı ve yasal gerekçe bazında fiili işleme operasyonunun değişiklik gösterebileceğini belirtmek isteriz. Böyle bir işleme operasyonu genellikle toplama, depolama, kullanma, iletim yoluyla paylaşma, silme ve imha etme gibi otomatikleştirilmiş bir dizi operasyon içerir. Aşağıdaki Uluslararası Veri Aktarımı Bölümünde ayrıntılı olarak açıklandığı üzere, Kişisel Verilerin üçüncü taraf ülkelere aktarımı yukarıdaki tabloda belirtilen yasal gerekçeye dayalıdır. 
Buna ek olarak, belirli Kişisel Verileri potansiyel olarak yasaklanmış veya yasa dışı faaliyetleri, dolandırıcılığı, suistimali, ihlalleri, kimlik hırsızlığını ve Hizmetlerin diğer herhangi bir şekilde kötüye kullanılmasını önlemek ve Koşulları uygulamanın yanı sıra veritabanlarımız ve Hizmetlerimizin güvenliğini sağlamak ve bütünlüğünü korumak ve doğabilecek yasal yükümlülüklere karşı önlemler almak için kullanabiliriz. Bu işlemeler meşru çıkarlarımıza dayalıdır. 
Web sitesi, Uygulamalar, Web Hizmetleri ve Popular Pays Pazar Yeri vasıtasıyla sağlanan Hizmetlerle olan etkileşiminizin niteliğine bağlı olarak, yukarıda açıklandığı üzere sizden farklı Kişisel Veri ve Kişisel Olmayan Veri kategorilerini toplayabiliriz. Eğer Kişisel Verileri Kişisel Olmayan Verilerle birleştirirsek, birleştirilmiş bu veriler birleşik kaldıkları sürece Kişisel Veri olarak ele alınır. 
BİLGİLERİNİZİ NASIL TOPLARIZ? 
Bizimle olan etkileşiminizin niteliğine bağlı olarak, yukarıda açıklanan bilgileri sizden şu şekillerde toplayabiliriz, Çerezlerin (aşağıda açıklandığı üzere) ve benzer izleme teknolojilerinin kullanımı da dâhil olmak üzere, web sitemizi ziyaret ettiğinizde veya hizmetlerimizle etkileşime girdiğinizde, otomatik olarak.
Bizimle olan etkileşiminizin niteliğine bağlı olarak, yukarıda açıklanan bilgileri sizden şu şekillerde toplayabiliriz, İşbu Politikada açıklandığı üzere, örneğin bizimle iletişime geçtiğiniz veya bir tanıtım talebinde bulunduğunuz zaman bilgileri bize gönüllü olarak sağlamayı seçtiğinizde.
Bizimle olan etkileşiminizin niteliğine bağlı olarak, yukarıda açıklanan bilgileri sizden şu şekillerde toplayabiliriz, Örneğin analiz hizmeti sağlayıcılar gibi, kişisel verileri bizim adımıza toplayan üçüncü taraf hizmet sağlayıcılar vasıtasıyla.
ÇEREZLER VE BENZER TEKNOLOJİLER web sitemiz, çevrimiçi platformumuz ve hizmetlerimiz veya Uygulamalarımızın bakımını yapmak, bunları sağlamak ve iyileştirmek için yukarıda Tablo A'da açıklandığı üzere çerezler, izleme pikselleri (açık GIF ve web işareti olarak da bilinir), üçüncü taraf yazılım geliştirme setleri ve başka teknolojiler kullanabiliriz. Çerezleri çeşitli amaçlar doğrultusunda kullanırız Tercihler: Bu çerez türü hizmetlerimizi güvence altına almamızı ve sürdürmemizi sağlar ve her ziyaretinizde tekrar belirlemek zorunda kalmamanız için tercihlerinizi hatırlar.
ÇEREZLER VE BENZER TEKNOLOJİLER web sitemiz, çevrimiçi platformumuz ve hizmetlerimiz veya Uygulamalarımızın bakımını yapmak, bunları sağlamak ve iyileştirmek için yukarıda Tablo A'da açıklandığı üzere çerezler, izleme pikselleri (açık GIF ve web işareti olarak da bilinir), üçüncü taraf yazılım geliştirme setleri ve başka teknolojiler kullanabiliriz. Çerezleri çeşitli amaçlar doğrultusunda kullanırız İstatistik Çerezleri: Bu araçlar analiz amaçları doğrultusunda, hizmetler, Uygulamalar ve web sitelerinin kullanımını daha iyi anlamak için kullanılır.
ÇEREZLER VE BENZER TEKNOLOJİLER web sitemiz, çevrimiçi platformumuz ve hizmetlerimiz veya Uygulamalarımızın bakımını yapmak, bunları sağlamak ve iyileştirmek için yukarıda Tablo A'da açıklandığı üzere çerezler, izleme pikselleri (açık GIF ve web işareti olarak da bilinir), üçüncü taraf yazılım geliştirme setleri ve başka teknolojiler kullanabiliriz. Çerezleri çeşitli amaçlar doğrultusunda kullanırız Kayıt Çerezleri: Kaydolduğunuzda ve oturum açtığınızda, oturum açmış olup olmadığınızı bilmemizi sağlayan çerezler oluştururuz.
ÇEREZLER VE BENZER TEKNOLOJİLER web sitemiz, çevrimiçi platformumuz ve hizmetlerimiz veya Uygulamalarımızın bakımını yapmak, bunları sağlamak ve iyileştirmek için yukarıda Tablo A'da açıklandığı üzere çerezler, izleme pikselleri (açık GIF ve web işareti olarak da bilinir), üçüncü taraf yazılım geliştirme setleri ve başka teknolojiler kullanabiliriz. Çerezleri çeşitli amaçlar doğrultusunda kullanırız Pazarlama Çerezleri: Bu çerezler bir reklamı veya reklam türünü görüp görmediğinizi, böyle bir reklamla nasıl etkileşime girdiğinizi ve reklamı görmenizden bu yana ne kadar zaman geçtiğini bilmemize olanak verir. Ayrıca bize hedeflenen reklamlarda yardımcı olmaları için de çerezler kullanırız. Bizimle bağlantısı bulunmayan platformlarda bizim adımıza ve başkaları adına reklam gösteren reklam ağları ve diğer reklam hizmetleri sağlayıcıları ile ortaklık kurabiliriz. Bu reklamlardan bazıları kişiselleştirilmiş olabilir, yani bu reklamların, farklı tarayıcılar ve cihazlar arasındaki ilişkilere ilişkin bilgiler de dâhil, reklam ağları ve reklam hizmetleri sağlayıcılarının zaman içerisinde web sitesini ve diğer siteleri veya uygulamaları kullanımınız hakkında topladığı bilgilere dayalı olarak sizin için uygun olduğu öngörülmektedir. Bu tür reklamlar, ilgi alanına dayalı reklamlar olarak bilinir.
Çerezler hakkında daha fazla bilgi için lütfen Çerez Politikamıza bakın. 
VERİ PAYLAŞIMI, KİŞİSEL VERİLERİ PAYLAŞTIĞIMIZ ALICILARIN KATEGORİLERİ hizmetlerimizi sağlamamıza yardımcı olan ortaklarımız ve hizmet sağlayıcılar da dâhil, verilerinizi üçüncü taraflarla paylaşırız. Bu üçüncü taraf alıcıların kategorileri hakkındaki bilgileri burada bulabilirsiniz.
ALICI KATEGORİSİ
PAYLAŞILABİLECEK VERİLER
PAYLAŞMA AMACI 
Hizmetlerin sağlanması, güvence altına alınması ve iyileştirilmesi amacıyla verileri bizim adımıza işleyen Gerekli Hizmet Sağlayıcılar. 
Cihazınızda yerel olarak depolananlar haricindeki tüm veriler.
Kişisel Verileri, Hizmetlerin sağlanması için gerekli olan teknolojileri veya platformları sağlayan güvenilir hizmet sağlayıcılarla ("Gerekli Hizmet Sağlayıcılar") paylaşabiliriz. Bu Gerekli Hizmet Sağlayıcılar barındırma ve birlikte sunucu konumlandırma hizmetleri, iletişim ve içerik teslimat ağları (CDN), internet hizmeti sağlayıcılar, işletim sistemleri ve platformlar, veri güvenliği ve siber güvenlik hizmetleri, sahtecilik algılama hizmetleri, fatura ve ödeme işleme hizmetleri, sevkiyat ve elleçleme hizmetleri, oturum veya etkinlik kaydetme hizmetleri, destek ve müşteri ilişkileri yönetim sistemlerini içerir. Gerekli Hizmet Sağlayıcılar erişim sahibidir veya bizim adımıza işlerler. Gerekli Hizmet Sağlayıcıların talep edilen hizmetleri bize sağlamak haricinde kişisel bilgilerinizi herhangi bir amaç doğrultusunda kullanmaları yasaktır. 
Pazarlama Hizmeti Sağlayıcılar 
Davranış verileri, Kullanım Verileri, Çevrimiçi Tanımlayıcılar, Hesap Verileri ve profil verileri.
Sizi hedeflemek ve size Hizmetlerimizi teklif etmek için kullandığımız belirli verileri bizim adımıza işleyen ya da bu amaca yönelik araçları bize sağlayan pazarlama hizmeti sağlayıcılarımız ("Pazarlama Hizmeti Sağlayıcılar"). 
Danışmanlar
Hesap ve kayıt verileri, iletişim bilgileri ve cihazınızda yerel olarak depolananlar haricindeki tüm diğer veriler. 
Hukuk, mali ve uyum müşavirlerimiz ("Danışmanlar") belirli Kişisel Verileri görebilir. Danışmanlar ayrıcalık yükümlülüklerine veya gizlilik sözleşmelerine tabidir ve talep ettiğimiz hizmetleri sağlamak dışında herhangi bir Kişisel Veriyi paylaşmaları yasaktır. 
Üçüncü taraf platformlar 
Kayıt verileri, Eserler ve Popular Pays Pazar Yeri etkinlikleri. 
Hizmetlerimiz üçüncü taraf web sitelerine bağlantılar ve üçüncü taraf hizmetlerle entegrasyonlar içerebilir. Bu web siteleri ve üçüncü taraf hizmetler ve bu web siteleri ve hizmetler bünyesinde işlediğiniz, gönderdiğiniz, depoladığınız veya diğer bir şekilde kullandığınız tüm bilgiler Lightricks'in kullanım koşulları ve Gizlilik Politikasının kapsamı dışındadır ve dolayısıyla da işbu Gizlilik Politikasına değil de ilgili üçüncü tarafın koşulları, gizlilik uygulamaları ve politikalarına tabi olacaktır. Dahası, eğer Hizmetler bir üçüncü taraf hizmet ile entegre edilirse, entegrasyonu gerçekleştiren API, ilgili üçüncü tarafın size belirli içerikleri sunmasına ve içeriklerinizden bazılarına erişmesine olanak verecektir. Örneğin, içeriklerinizi Instagram veya TikTok gibi entegre edilmiş bir üçüncü taraf hizmete yüklemek veya bu hizmette diğer bir şekilde paylaşmak veya bu hizmetteki belirli işlevlerden yararlanmak isterseniz, API ilgili üçüncü tarafın içeriklerinize (örneğin fotoğraf kitaplığınıza) erişmesine olanak verecektir. 
Diğer kullanıcılar 
Eserler, ad soyad, iletişim bilgileri 
Uygulamalar ve Lightricks Akışı işlevinin doğası gereği, örneğin kullanıcı adınız, diğer içerikler üzerinde yaptığınız beğeniler ve yorumlar gibi, Uygulamalarda yer alan belirli Kişisel Veriler o Uygulamadaki diğer Lightricks Kullanıcıları tarafından görülebilir. Siz etkin bir şekilde bunun yapılmasını seçmedikçe, fotoğraflarınız ve videolarınızı hiçbir zaman diğer Kullanıcılarla paylaşmayacağız. 
Bağlı kuruluşlar ve iştirakler
Cihazınızda yerel olarak depolananlar haricindeki tüm veriler.
Grubumuz içinde dâhili olarak veya bir şirket işlemi (ör. şirketimizin önemli bir kısmının satılması, birleşme, konsolidasyon veya varlık satışı). Yukarıda belirtilen durumlarda, iştiraklerimiz veya bizi satın alan şirket işbu Politikada tanımlanan haklar ve yükümlülükleri üstlenecektir. 
Üçüncü taraflar, yetkililer, güvenlik sağlayıcılar, devlet kurumları veya yetkili üçüncü taraflar.
Amaca ve ihtiyaçlara bağlı olarak, cihazınızda yerel olarak depolananlar haricindeki tüm veriler. 
Hizmetlerimiz ve Uygulamalarımızın haklarını ve güvenliğini korumak adına, bunu yapmanın kullanıcıların, bireylerin veya genel halkın herhangi bir üyesinin haklarının, mülklerinin veya kişisel güvenliğinin korunmasını sağlayacağına samimi bir şekilde inanırsak, Kişisel Verileri başkalarıyla paylaşabiliriz. Bu, yasaların uygulanması ve hukuki yaptırım amaçlarını içerir, yani terör hareketleri, suç soruşturmaları, yasa dışı olduğu iddia edilen faaliyetler veya bizi, sizi veya diğer herhangi bir kullanıcıyı yasal yükümlülük altına sokabilecek diğer herhangi bir faaliyete ilişkin doğrulanmış bir talebe yanıt olarak paylaşabiliriz. Şu durumlarda bu tür bir paylaşma yapılabilir veya erişim izni verilebilir: Samimi bir şekilde bunu yapmak için yasal bir zorunluluğumuz bulunduğuna inanıyorsak; paylaşmanın gerçek veya şüphelenilen bir yasa dışı faaliyeti soruşturma, önleme veya böyle bir faaliyet için önlem alma çabaları kapsamında uygun olduğuna inanıyorsak veya bu paylaşmanın hizmetlerimizin güvenliği ve bütünlüğü de dâhil olmak üzere meşru ticari çıkarlarımızı korumak için gerekli olduğuna inanıyorsak. 
Hizmet sağlayıcılar ve ortaklarla bilgi paylaştığımız zaman, onların yalnızca bizim hizmetleri sağlamamız için kesinlikle gerekli olan bilgilere erişimleri bulunduğundan emin oluruz. Bu taraflar aldıkları verileri güvence altına almak, verileri yalnızca önceden mutabık kalınmış amaçlar doğrultusunda kullanmak ve ilgili tüm veri koruma yönetmeliklerine uymak zorundadır (bu hizmet sağlayıcılar diğer Kişisel Olmayan Verileri kendi çıkarları doğrultusunda kullanabilirler).
KULLANICI HAKLARI farklı kişilerin farklı gizlilik kaygıları ve tercihleri olduğunu biliyor ve kabul ediyoruz. Amacımız, bilgilerinizin nasıl kullanılacağı hakkında anlamlı seçimler yapabilmeniz için hangi bilgileri topladığımız konusunda açık olmaktır. Bilgilerinizle bağlantılı olarak belirli seçimler yapmanıza, hakları ve kontrolleri kullanmanıza olanak veriyoruz. Bizimle olan ilişkinize, bulunduğunuz yargı alanına ve sizin için geçerli olan veri koruma kanunlarına bağlı olarak, belirli sınırlamaları talep ve kontrol etme veya belirli hakları kullanma hakkına sahipsiniz.
California, Virginia ve Colorado sakinleri, lütfen CCPA Gizlilik Bildirimimizi inceleyin.
Haklarınız ve haklarınızı nasıl kullanabileceğiniz konusunda ayrıntılı bilgi için, lütfen buradaki İlgili Kişi Talep Formunu ("DSR") doldurun ve formu DPO'nuza gönderin: dpo@lightricks.com.
Ayrıca Uygulama içerisinde de belirli haklarınız vardır: Uygulama ayarlarından dilediğiniz zaman bilgileri düzeltebilir, değiştirebilir ve silebilir, verdiğiniz herhangi bir onayı kolayca geri alabilir ve belirli özellikleri ve izlenmeyi istemeyebilirsiniz; dolayısıyla, haklarınızı kullanmanız için size sağladığımız teknik çözümleri kullanmanızı öneririz.
Son olarak da cihaz ayarlarından veya Ağ Reklamları Girişiminin ("NAI") NAI tüketici tercihleri web sitesinden ve Dijital Reklam Birliğinin ("DAA") DAA tercihleri web sitesinden ilgi alanına dayalı reklamları almamayı tercih edebilirsiniz. 
VERİ SAKLAMA genelde, yukarıda farklı bir saklama süresi belirtilmedikçe, topladığımız Kişisel Verileri uygun olduğu durumlarda, yasalar veya yönetmeliklerce izin verildiğinde yukarıda belirtilen amaçlar doğrultusunda gerekli olduğu sürece veya siz saklamamızı istemediğinizi belirtene dek saklarız.
Yasalar veya yönetmeliklerce izin verildiğinde daha uzun bir süre boyunca Kişisel Verilerinizi saklayabileceğimiz diğer durumlar arasında şu durumlar yer alır: Yasa, yönetmelik, vergi veya muhasebe gereklilikleri uyarınca bunu yapmak zorunda isek veya Herhangi bir şikâyet veya itiraz durumunda bizimle aranızdaki iş ilişkisinin doğru bir kaydına sahip olmamız için veya Kişisel Verilerinize ilişkin bir dava açılma ihtimali bulunduğuna makul ölçüde inanıyorsak. 
Yasalar veya sizinle yaptığımız özel anlaşmalar tarafından gerekli kılınmadıkça, kişisel verilerinizi belirli bir süre boyunca saklama zorunluluğumuzun bulunmayacağını ve herhangi bir sebeple ve dilediğimiz zaman, size haber vererek veya vermeksizin, Kişisel Verilerinizi güvenli bir şekilde silebileceğimizi belirtmek isteriz. Veri saklama politikamız hakkında herhangi bir sorunuz varsa, bizimle lütfen e-posta yoluyla şu adresten iletişime geçin: dpo@lightricks.com. 
GÜVENLİK TEDBİRLERİ bilgilerin zarar görmesi (veya kaybolması) ve bilgilere herhangi bir yetkisiz erişim ve bilgilerin herhangi bir yetkisiz kullanımı risklerini azaltmak için uygun ve sektör standardındaki teknik ve kurumsal önlemleri ve güvenlik tedbirlerini alıyoruz. Ancak bu önlemler mutlak bir bilgi güvenliği sağlamaz. Bu nedenle, her ne kadar Kişisel Verilerinizi güvence altına almak için her türlü çaba gösteriliyor olsa da bu konuda bir garanti verilemez ve hizmetlerin bilgi güvenliği risklerine veya saldırılarına karşı tam bir koruma altında olması beklenemez. Buna ek olarak, bilgilerin güvenliği kısmen, bizimle iletişim kurmak için kullandığınız bilgisayar, cihaz veya ağın güvenliğine de bağlı olduğundan, Kişisel Verilerinizin güvenliği size de bağlıdır. Erişim kimlik bilgilerinizi korumak adına güvenli ağlar ve cihazlar kullanmak için gerekli önlemleri aldığınızdan lütfen emin olun.
Gizliliğinizin gereğince korunmadığını, Gizlilik Politikamızın ihlal edildiğini düşünüyorsanız veya bir üçüncü tarafın Kişisel Verilerinize yetkisiz erişim kazanma girişiminde bulunduğunun farkına varırsanız, lütfen bizimle şu adresten iletişime geçin: dpo@lightricks.com. Kişisel Verilerinize ilişkin bir güvenlik ihlali gerçekleştiğini tespit edersek, bunu size ve yetkili mercilere bildirmek için makul bir çaba göstereceğiz. 
ULUSLARARASI VERİ AKTARIMI bilgileri barındırdığımız ve sakladığımız veri sunucularımız ABD ve Birleşik Krallık da dâhil olmak üzere tüm dünyada yer almaktadır. Şirket merkezimiz İsrail'de olup, buradan yerel sunucularda ve bulut depolama sunucularında saklanan bilgilere veya kullanılan diğer sistemler ve platformlara erişebiliriz. Kişisel Verilerinizi bulunduğunuz yargı alanının dışına aktarmamız gerektiğinde, Kişisel Verilerinizin ilgili kanunlar çerçevesinde uygun bir düzeyde korunmasını sağlamak için gerekli tedbirleri alacağız. Ayrıca Kişisel Veriler Avrupa Ekonomik Alanı ("EEA"), Birleşik Krallık veya İsviçre'de toplanıp da o yargı alanının dışına, Avrupa Komisyonu veya ICO tarafından yeterlilik kararı verilmemiş bir ülkeye aktarılması durumunda, bu Kişisel Verilerin aktarılması sırasında AB, Birleşik Krallık ve İsviçre Standart Sözleşme Maddelerinin hükümleri uyarınca yeterli koruma tedbirlerinin alındığından emin olmak için gerekli önlemleri alacağız. Dolayısıyla, verilerinizin korunduğundan emin olmak adına düzenleyici kurumların önceden onaylamış olduğu sözleşmeler çerçevesindeki korumaları kullanarak Kişisel Verilerinizi korumak için veri ithalatçısından sözleşmeler çerçevesinde taahhütler veya güvenceler alacağız.
UYGUNLUK VE ÇOCUKLARIN GİZLİLİĞİ hizmetler çocukların ("çocuk" ifadesi ilgili kanunlarca tanımlanan yaştan küçük bir birey anlamına gelmekte olup EEA'da 16 yaşından küçük, ABD'de ise 13 yaşında küçük bir bireydir) ve çocukların bilgilerini bilerek işlemeyiz. Bir "çocuk" olarak kabul edilen bir kullanıcıdan aldığımız bilgileri, böyle bir kullanıcının bizimle bilgi paylaştığını keşfettiğimizde derhal kayıtlarımızdan çıkarırız. Bir çocuğun bizimle herhangi bir bilgi paylaştığına inanmak için bir sebebiniz varsa, lütfen bizimle şu adresten iletişime geçin: dpo@lightricks.com.
14.ÖZEL KOŞULLAR.
Brezilya: Bu bölümü özellikle Brezilya'daki kullanıcılar için oluşturduk. Brezilya'daki kullanıcılar Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais ("LGPD") de dâhil olmak üzere Brezilya yasaları çerçevesinde tanımlanmış belirli gizlilik haklarına sahiptir. Gizlilik Politikamız ve tüm kullanıcılara sunduğumuz gizlilik kontrolleri bu yasalara uygundur. Bu bildirim, Brezilya'ya özgü gereklilikleri kapsadığımızı belirtmek amacını taşımaktadır. Örneğin, tüm kullanıcılar verilerinin bir kopyasını talep edebilir, verilerinin silinmesini talep edebilir ve uygulamada gizlilik ayarlarını kontrol edebilir. 
Veri Sorumlusu bilgileri yukarıda Bölüm 2'de mevcuttur. 
LGPD çerçevesinde yasal gerekçeler Sözleşme (akdettiğimiz sözleşmedeki yükümlülükleri yerine getirmek), Meşru Çıkarlarımız (bunu yapmaya hakkımız ve meşru çıkarlarımız bulunmaktadır), Açık Rıza (açık rızanızı istemişizdir) ve Yasal Yükümlülüklerdir. Bölüm 4'teki Tablolarda her bir veri kümesinin işlenmesinin yasal gerekçesi açıklanmaktadır. 
ABD: California, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado ve Connecticut'a özgü özel koşullar için lütfen CCPA Bildirimimize bakın.
Lightricksプライバシーポリシー
[最終更新日：2023 年 8 月 17 日]
Lightricks Ltd.ならびに当社の子会社および関連会社（以下、総称して「Lightricks」または「当社」）は、処理する個人データを安全に保管し、適切に使用し、当社のデータ実務がユーザーおよび将来のユーザーに正確に伝わるように最大限の努力を払っています。
Lightricksは、想像と創造の間にあるギャップを埋める革新的技術のパイオニアである。Lightricksの写真および動画編集ツールは無限の可能性とインスピレーションを提供し、個人、コンテンツクリエイター、インフルエンサーは作品を収益化することができます。またブランドには、クリエイターとのカスタマイズされた提携を通じてコンテンツを拡大する機会がもたらされます。Lightricksはグローバル企業であり、これらのサービス、アプリおよびテクノロジーを世界中に提供しています。 
本プライバシーポリシー（以下「本ポリシー」または「本プライバシーポリシー」）は、本プライバシーポリシーに記載されているサービス、テクノロジーおよびアプリを利用する際に、当社がどのように情報を収集、保存、使用および開示するかを説明したものです。Lightricksは、プロセスを詳しく説明するよう努めていますが、様々なモバイルアプリやウェブアプリ（以下「本アプリ」）、機能やフィード（以下「Lightricksフィード」）、およびブランドやエージェンシー（以下「ブランド」）と個人、コンテンツクリエイターやインフルエンサー（以下「クリエイター」）をつなぐオンラインマーケットプレイス（以下「Popular Paysマーケットプレイス」）を提供しており、これらすべてがお客様の情報を異なる方法で処理しています。そのため本ポリシーをよくお読みいただき、ご不明な点がございましたら当社までお問い合わせください。 
本ポリシーは、以下の者（以下、総称して、または個別に「お客様」」）に対して適用されます。(i) 当社のウェブサイト、ランディングページを閲覧し、当社のサービスを宣伝する広告やキャンペーン、ブログまたはその他のウェブフォームを利用する見込み客や訪問者（以下「見込み客」または「訪問者」）、(ii) 本アプリをインストールして使用するユーザー、(iii) Popular Paysマーケットプレイスを使用するブランドおよびクリエイター、ならびに 当社のサービスを利用する個人。 
お客様がコロラド州、バージニア州またはカリフォルニア州の居住者である場合, 本プライバシーポリシーに加えて、当社のCCPAプライバシー通知（以下「CCPA通知」）をご確認ください。
更新と修正 
当社は、その単独裁量により、本ポリシーを随時更新および修正することがあります。本ポリシーの最新版は、ウェブサイトまたは本アプリから常にご覧いただけます。本ポリシーの更新日は、見出しの「最終更新日」に反映されます。重要な変更がある場合、または法律で義務付けられている場合、当社はこれらの変更を反映した通知を行います。本ポリシーの変更は、当社が変更後の本ポリシーを公開してから30日以内に発効します。当社の最新のプライバシー慣行をご理解いただくため、本ポリシーを定期的にご確認ください。
連絡先情報と役割：
Lightricks Ltd.は、イスラエルの法律に基づいて設立されており、以下の表に明示的に記載されていない限り、個人データ（一般データ保護規則（以下「GDPR」）または同等のプライバシーに関する法律で定義されているとおり）の管理者です。 
DPOの連絡先情報： dpo@lightricks.com 
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalem, Israel, 9190401
EUおよび英国におけるデータ主体の代表者の連絡先情報：
EUまたは英国のデータ主体に関するデータ保護問題を担当する代表者をドイツおよび英国で任命しました。 
当社のEUにおけるプライバシー慣行に関するお問い合わせは、当社のデータ保護担当者（以下「DPR」）に以下の方法でご連絡ください。
DPRの連絡先情報：dpr@lightricks.com 
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
当社の英国におけるプライバシー慣行に関するお問い合わせは、英国のDPRに以下の方法でご連絡ください。
英国のDPRの連絡先情報uk-dpr@lightricks.com 
Lightricks (UK), 
ICO登録番号：ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT United Kingdom.
処理されるデータセットの種類 
目的、法的根拠と処理業務
当社は、各資産およびサービスについて、処理される個人データ、当該処理の目的および運用、ならびに当該処理の法的根拠を以下に詳述します。以下に4つの表があり、表Aは本アプリを使用する際に処理される個人データの詳細、表Bは開発、AI、機械学習、またはその他の内部目的のために使用される個人データの詳細、表CはPopular Paysマーケットプレイスを使用する際に処理される個人データの詳細、表Dは当社のウェブサイト、広告、またはその他の方法で対話する際に処理される個人データの詳細です。 
表A：本アプリ 
本アプリをインストールしたら、ログインしてアカウントを作成します（iOSユーザーの場合、アカウントの作成は任意です）。 
Apple、FacebookまたはGoogleのアカウントを使用してログインするか、またはメールアドレスを入力してパスワードを設定することもできます。 
お客様がFacebook、GoogleまたはAppleを通じてログインした場合、当社は、お客様の氏名、プロフィール写真、友人リスト、人口統計データや位置情報など、当該アカウントに関連する情報を受け取ります（お客様が選択したプライバシー設定によります）。 
お客様が本アプリを利用する際、当社または当社の第三者パートナーは、オンライン識別子を通じてお客様を識別します。「オンライン識別子」とは、IDFAまたはAAID、IPアドレス、デバイスID、クッキーID、エージェントなどを含む一意の識別子です。
当社はまた、iOSデバイスで処理される年齢や性別などの人口統計学的データも、お客様の画像、写真や動画から収集します。
写真や画像を使用してアートワークを作成したり、作品にエフェクトを加えたりすると、選択した画像がLightricks Cloudにアップロードされます。これらの効果によってデータが処理されたり、個人を特定するために使用されたりすることはありません。また、元の画像と出力画像以外のデータはLightricks Cloudに保存されず、これらのデータは、お客様から別段の求めがない限り、30日以内に削除されます。
AIツールとアバター： 
一部のアプリには人工知能（以下「AI」）技術が含まれ、画像、写真および動画の編集、パーソナライズされたマジカルアバター（以下「アバター」）、モーション、効果、アートスタイルの作成、テキストからの画像生成などを行います（以下、総称して「アウトプット」）。
そのために、Lightricks Cloudにアップロードされたオリジナルの画像や動画（以下「インプット」）を処理します。当社のAI技術は顔検出を使用して、フレーム内に表示される顔の姿勢、位置、およびその他の非識別特性を決定し、以下の条項でさらに説明するように、ユーザー以外の個人データを処理することがあります。 
アウトプットは通常、お客様のデバイスに保存され、当社はそれらにアクセスしたり管理したりすることはできません、ただし、購入したアバターはLightricks Cloudに保存されるため、お客様が削除する決定を行うまで、いつでもどのデバイスからでも本アプリを通じてアクセスできます。 
当社は、Lightricks Cloudにアップロードされたデータ（つまり、インプットおよびアウトプット）を、本サービスの提供およびアウトプットの生成を目的として使用します。 
アバターを作成するために、当社は、本サービスの提供とお客様との契約上の義務の遵守を目的として、10～25枚の画像をインプットとして処理します。現在当社は、ユーザーがパーソナライズされたアバターを生成できるニューラルネットワークモデル、Stable Diffusionを使用しています。 
インプットは24時間以内に削除されますが、アバターを作成するためにインプットが提供された場合は、アバターが作成された時点で直ちに削除されます。 
当社の「カップルアバター」機能に関連してお客様が送信した画像または動画など、お客様がユーザー以外の個人データを当社と共有したと当社が判断できる場合、当社はその画像または動画を使用してアバターまたはその他のアウトプットを生成した後、そのインプットをLightricks Cloudから永久に削除します。
当社は、AdyenやPayPalなどの第三者のサービスおよびプラットフォームを使用して支払いデータを処理したり、Google PlayやApple Storeが支払いを管理するアプリ内課金を通じてそれを行ったりする場合があります。したがって、第三者のプラットフォームで処理される取引には、第三者のプライバシーポリシーおよび規約が適用されます。お客様には、それらをご確認いただくことをお勧めします。 
お客様がLightricksフィードを使用する場合、またはソーシャルメディア上でお客様の作品を共有する場合、当社は、プロフィール写真、氏名、メールアドレス、ソーシャルメディアアカウント、フィード投稿に対するリアクションなど、お客様が提供する個人データ（以下「フィードデータ」）を処理します。
当社はフィードデータを使用して、お客様にLightricksフィードサービスを提供したり、お客様が第三者のソーシャルメディアで交流できるようにしたりします。
本アプリに統合されているソフトウェア開発キット（SDK）の詳細については、以下をご覧ください。 
当社は、Google Analytics、GoogleのCrashlyticsおよびFirebaseサービス、Facebookなどの第三者アナリティクスサービスプロバイダーを利用しています。当社は、お客様や他のユーザーが当社のサービスをどのように利用しているかを知るために、お客様の情報をこれらのアナリティクスプロバイダーに開示することがあります。
AppsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
処理がマーケティングまたは追跡のためである場合、当社は同意があった場合にのみ個人データを処理します。そうでない場合は、当社の正当な利益に従ってこれらのSDKを処理します。
表B：AI/機械学習と内部開発 
利用データ。 
インプット（当社のAI技術によってインプットで検出された顔の姿勢、位置、その他の識別不可の特徴を含む。ただし、上記で定義した顔データは含まれない）。
当社はこの情報を使用して、お客様に提供するサービスをパーソナライズし、お客様の関心に合わせてオファーを調整し、お客様に気に入ってもらえると思われる追加のLightricks製品、アプリまたはサービスを提供します。 
AI技術を向上させ、より良いサービスを提供するために、インプットの一部を匿名形式で使用し、アルゴリズムをトレーニングし、モデル（拡散モデルやGANなど）を作成します。インプットは、お客様にリンクされたり、お客様を識別したりしておらず、お客様の特定に使われることもありません。当社は、インプット全体を使用するのではなく、インプットから抽出された特定のコピーを処理します。 
さらに、テキストから画像への変換やアバター作成などのAI機能の性能向上のため、また機械学習で使用するためのデータのラベル付けを目的として、「犬」や「猫」、男性や女性など、お客様のインプットで検出された特定の画像に自動的にラベル付けを行います。なお、ラベル付けされたデータは個人を識別するものではありません。
上記の詳細を除き、トレーニングや学習に使用されたモデルは、180日以内に削除されます。 
当社は、AIモデルの設定に不適切または有害なコンテンツが含まれないよう、最善を尽くしていますが、違法、中傷的、名誉毀損的、わいせつ、ポルノ、下品、みだら、暗示的、嫌がらせ、脅迫的、プライバシーまたはパブリシティ権の侵害、虐待的、扇動的、詐欺的でない、またその他の有害なコンテンツと解釈されない画像、動画、その他のコンテンツをアップロードすることは、お客様ご自身の責任であることにご留意ください。不快なコンテンツを発見された場合は、dpo@lightricks.comまでご連絡ください。AI技術の使用には、以下のAI規約も適用されます。website_url_lnk 
表C：Popular Paysマーケットプレイス 
ブランドは、Popular Paysマーケットプレイスに登録する際、承認されたユーザーの連絡先情報（氏名、電話番号、メールアドレス、ウェブサイト等）を入力するものとします。 
クリエイターは、フルネーム、メールアドレス、年齢、性別、所在地、配送先住所、人口統計データ、支払い情報（銀行口座の詳細やApple-Pay/Google-Payアカウントを含む）、職業や専門分野（ライフスタイル、ファッション、美容、資金計画など）、言語設定などを含むポートフォリオを作成する必要があります。
お客様がアップロードする作品にも個人データが含まれる場合がありますが、当社はそのような個人データの処理者（GDPRで定義されているとおり）であり、お客様に代わって作品をホストします。 
当社は、お客様がいつ、どこで、どのようにサービスを利用し、アカウントにアクセスし、Popular Paysマーケットプレイスでどのようなアクションを行ったかに関する情報を収集します。 
当社は、処理者（GDPRで定義されているとおり）として、ブランドの指示に従い、ブランドに代わりこれを処理します。 
当社は、Adyen、Stripe、Braintre、PayPal、またはGoogle PlayやApple Storeが支払いを管理するアプリ内課金を介して、支払いデータを処理するために第三者のサービスやプラットフォームを使用することがあります。したがって、第三者のプラットフォームによって処理される取引には、第三者のプライバシーポリシーおよび規約が適用されるため、ご確認いただくことをお勧めします。
表D：見込み客と個人による当社のウェブサイト、広告やデジタルアセットとのやり取り 
お客様が当社のウェブサイトを利用する際、当社はオンライン識別子および利用データ（アクセス日時、ウェブサイト内の移動、クリックストリーム、滞在時間、参照したURL、閲覧したコンテンツなど）を直接的または間接的に収集します。
当社は、上記のとおり、ウェブサイト、本アプリ、ウェブサービスおよびPopular Paysマーケットプレイス（以下に詳述）を通じて提供される本サービスとのやり取りの性質に応じて、お客様から異なるカテゴリーの個人データおよび非個人データを収集することがあります。当社が個人データを非個人データと組み合わせる場合、組み合わされた情報は、それが組み合わされたままである限り、個人データとして扱われます。 
当社がお客様の情報を収集する方法： 
Cookieと同種の技術：
当社は、当社のウェブサイト、オンラインプラットフォームおよびそのサービスや本アプリを維持、提供および改善するために、クッキー、トラッキングピクセル（クリアGIFおよびウェブビーコンとしても知られる）、上記表Aに詳述されている第三者ソフトウェア開発キット（SDK）、およびその他の技術を使用する場合があります。
データ共有, 個人データを共有する受信者のカテゴリー：
当社は、本サービスの提供に不可欠な技術またはプラットフォームを提供する信頼できるサービスプロバイダー（以下「必須サービスプロバイダー」）に個人データを開示することがあります。このような必須サービスプロバイダーは、ホスティングサービスおよびサーバーのコロケーションサービス、通信およびコンテンツ配信ネットワーク（CDN）、インターネットサービスプロバイダー、オペレーティングシステムおよびプラットフォーム、データ通信サービスおよびサイバーセキュリティサービス、詐欺検出サービス、請求および支払処理サービス、出荷および処理サービス、セッションやアクティビティの記録サービス、サポートおよび顧客関係管理システムなどを提供します。必須サービスプロバイダーはアクセス権を有するか、または当社に代わって処理します。必須サービスプロバイダーは、要求されたサービスを当社に提供する以外の目的でお客様の個人情報を使用することを禁じられています。 
登録データ、クリエーションおよびPopular Paysマーケットプレイスの活動。 
当社のサービスには、第三者のウェブサイトへのリンクや第三者のサービスとの統合が含まれることがあります。そのようなウェブサイトおよび第三者サービス、ならびにお客様が当該ウェブサイトおよび第三者サービスで処理、提出、送信、保存またはその他の方法で使用する情報は、Lightricksの利用規約および本プライバシーポリシーの範囲を超えるため、本プライバシーポリシーではなく、当該第三者の規約やプライバシー慣行およびポリシーが適用されます。また、本サービスが第三者のサービスと統合される場合、統合を行うAPIにより、当該第三者がお客様に特定のコンテンツを提供したり、お客様のコンテンツの一部にアクセスしたりすることが可能となります。例えば、お客様がInstagramやTikTokなどの統合された第三者サービスにお客様のコンテンツをアップロードまたはその他の方法で共有したい場合、またはこれらのサービスの特定の機能を利用したい場合、APIによって該当する第三者がお客様のコンテンツ（お客様のフォトライブラリなど）にアクセスすることが可能になります。 
アプリおよびLightricksフィード機能の性質上、アプリで利用できる特定の個人データ（お客様のユーザー名、他のユーザーのコンテンツに対する「いいね」やコメントなど）は、そのアプリ内で他のLightricksユーザーから見えるようになっています。当社は、お客様が積極的にそう選択しない限り、お客様の写真や動画を他のユーザーと共有することはありません。 
当社のサービスおよび本アプリの権利および安全性を保護するために、当社は、ユーザーまたは個人、もしくは一般公衆の権利、財産または個人の安全を保護するのに役立つと誠実に考えた場合、個人データを他者と共有することがあります。これには、法的および法執行目的が含まれます。つまり、テロ行為、犯罪捜査、違法行為の疑い、または当社、お客様、その他のユーザーを法的責任にさらす可能性のあるその他の活動に関する確認済みの要請に応じることになります。ただし、かかる目的に準拠するために必要な範囲に限られます。このような開示やアクセスは、当社が誠実に以下のように考えた場合に行われる可能性があります。（a）当社が法的に義務付けられている、（b）実際の、もしくは疑わしい違法行為、詐欺、その他の不正行為に関する調査、防止、措置の取り組みに関連して、開示が適切である、または（c）サービスの安全性や完全性を含む、当社の正当な事業利益を守るために、その開示が必要である。 
ユーザーの権利： 
カリフォルニア州、バージニア州およびコロラド州にお住まいの方は、当社のCCPAプライバシー通知をご覧ください。 
お客様の権利の詳細および権利の行使方法の詳細については、こちらから入手できるデータ主体リクエストフォーム（以下「DSR」）をご参照の上、当社のDPO（dpo@lightricks.com）にご送信ください。 
最後に、デバイスの設定を通じて、またはNetwork Advertising Initiative（「NAI」）のウェブサイト（NAI消費者オプトアウトおよびDigital Advertising Alliance（「DAA」）のウェブサイト（DAAオプトアウトページ）からオプトアウトすることにより、興味に基づく広告からオプトアウトすることができます。 
データ保持： 
その他、以下の場合、法律または規制により許容されるときは、当社がお客様の個人データをより長期間保持することがあります。これには、(i) 法律、規制、税務、または会計上の要件に従って、当社がそうする必要がある場合、(ii) 苦情や異議申し立てがあった場合に、当社とお客様の取引に関する正確な記録を当社が保持するため、または お客様の個人データに関して訴訟が提起される見込みがあると当社が合理的に考えた場合があります。 
適用法またはお客様との特定の契約で義務付けられていない限り、当社は、お客様の個人データを特定の期間保持する義務はなく、お客様への通知の有無にかかわらず、理由や時期を問わず、安全にデータを削除したり、アクセスを制限したりすることができます。当社のデータ保持ポリシーについてご質問がある場合は、当社まで電子メール（dpo@lightricks.com）でお問い合わせください。 
セキュリティ措置： 
お客様のプライバシーが適切に取り扱われていないと思われる場合、当社の個人情報保護方針に反する方法で取り扱われたと思われる場合、または第三者がお客様の個人データに不正にアクセスしようとしていることに気付いた場合は、当社（dpo@lightricks.com）までご連絡ください。当社は、お客様の個人データに関連するセキュリティインシデントを発見した場合、お客様および管轄当局（適用法により要求される場合）に通知するために合理的な努力を払います。 
海外へのデータ転送： 
当社が情報をホストし保存するデータサーバーは、米国およびEUを含む世界各地に設置されています。本社はイスラエルにあり、ローカルサーバー、クラウドホスティングサーバー、その他のシステムやプラットフォームに保存された情報にアクセスすることがあります。お客様の法域外にお客様の個人データを転送する必要がある場合、当社は、お客様の個人データが適用法の下で要求される適切なレベルの保護を受けられるよう、適切な措置を講じます。さらに、欧州経済地域（以下「EEA」）、英国またはスイスで収集された個人データが、欧州委員会またはICOから適切性に関する決定を得ていない国へ当該法域外に転送される場合、当社は、EU、英国またはスイスの標準契約条項の規定に従い、当該個人データの転送中に十分な保護が行われるよう必要な措置を講じます。したがって、当社は、お客様のデータが確実に保護されるようにするために規制当局が事前に承認した契約上の保護を利用して、データインポーターから契約上の約束または保証を取り付けます。 
資格と子供のプライバシー：
本サービスは、児童（「児童」という表現は、適用法で定義される成人年齢未満の個人をいい、EEAにおいては16歳未満、米国においては13歳未満をいう）の利用を意図したものではなく、当社が故意に児童の情報を処理することはありません。当社は、「児童」とみなされるユーザーから受領した情報を、当該ユーザーが当社と情報を共有したことが判明した時点で直ちに破棄します。児童が当社と何らかの情報を共有していると考える理由がある場合は、当社（dpo@lightricks.com）までご連絡ください。 
特別条項： 
ブラジル：本条は、ブラジルのユーザーのために特別に設けられました。ブラジルのユーザーは、Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais（以下「LGPD」）を含むブラジルの法律で規定された一定のプライバシー権を有しています。本プライバシーポリシーおよび当社がすべてのユーザーに提供するプライバシー管理は、これらの法律に準拠するものです。この通知は、ブラジル固有の要件を確実に扱うようにするためのものです。例えば、すべてのユーザーは、自分のデータのコピーを要求し、削除を要求し、アプリでプライバシー設定をコントロールすることができます。 
データ管理者の情報は、上記第2条に記載されています。 
LGPDに基づく合法的な根拠は、契約（当社が締結した契約の義務を遵守すること）、正当な利益（当社はそうする権利および正当な利益を有すること）、同意（当社はお客様の許可を得ていること）、および法的義務です。第4条の表は、各データセットの処理に関する合法的根拠を詳述しています。 
米国：カリフォルニア州、ネバダ州、バージニア州、コロラド州およびコネチカット州の特別条項については、CCPA通知をご覧ください。 
LIGHTRICKS 개인정보처리방침
[최종 수정일: 2023년 8월 17일]
자회사와 제휴사를 포함한 Lightricks Ltd.(통칭, "Lightricks", "당사", "당사의" 또는 "당사를")는 당사가 처리하는 개인 데이터를 안전하게 저장하고 적절하게 처리할 뿐만 아니라 당사의 데이터 처리 시행법을 사용자와 잠재적 사용자에게 정확하게 알리기 위해 상당한 노력을 기울이고 있습니다.
Lightricks는 상상력과 창의력 간 간극을 메우는 혁신적인 기술의 선두주자입니다. Lightricks의 사진 및 동영상 편집 툴은 개인, 콘텐츠 크리에이터 또는 인플루언서에게 자신의 작업물을 금전화할 수 있는 능력을 제공하면서 무한한 가능성과 영감을 주며, 브랜드에 맞춤형 크리에이터 파트너십을 통해 자신의 콘텐츠를 확장할 수 있는 기회를 선사합니다. Lightricks는 이러한 서비스, 앱, 기술을 전 세계에 보급하는 글로벌 기업입니다. 
본 개인정보처리방침("방침" 또는 "개인정보처리방침")은 당사가 여기에 자세히 나와 있는 서비스, 기술, 앱을 사용하면서 정보를 어떻게 수집, 저장, 사용, 공개하는지를 설명합니다. Lightricks는 이러한 프로세스를 단순하면서 친화적으로 자세히 다루려고 노력했지만, 브랜드와 에이전시("브랜드") 그리고 개인, 콘텐츠 크리에이터, 인플루언서("크리에이터")를 연결하면서 다양한 모바일 및 웹 앱(각각 "앱"), 기능과 피드("Lightricks 피드"), 온라인 마켓플레이스("포퓰러 페이즈 마켓플레이스")를 제공하고 이 모두는 귀하의 정보를 서로 다른 방식으로 처리하기 때문에 세심하게 읽고 추가 질문이 있다면 당사에 문의하는 것이 좋습니다. 
본 방침은 다음에 적용할 수 있습니다(통칭 그리고 개별적으로, "귀하" 또는 "귀하의"라 칭함). 당사 웹사이트와 랜딩 페이지를 탐색하고 당사 서비스, 블로그 또는 기타 웹폼을 홍보하는 광고와 캠페인에 참여하는 잠재고객과 방문자("잠재고객" 또는 "방문자"); 당사 앱을 설치하여 사용하는 사용자; 포퓰러 페이즈 마켓플레이스를 사용하는 브랜드와 크리에이터; 그리고 당사 서비스를 사용하는 모든 개인. 
귀하가 콜로라도, 버지니아 또는 캘리포니아 거주민이라면 본 개인정보처리방침 외에도 CCPA 개인정보보호 안내문("CCPA 안내문")을 검토하시기 바랍니다. 
업데이트 및 개정 당사는 단독 재량으로 때때로 본 방침을 업데이트하고 개정할 수 있습니다. 방침 최신판은 웹사이트나 앱을 통해 언제라도 열람할 수 있습니다. 방침의 업데이트 날짜는 "최종 수정일"이라는 머리글에 반영됩니다. 중대한 변동이 있거나 법률에서 요구하는 경우 당사는 이러한 변동사항을 반영하는 안내문을 제공합니다. 방침의 개정사항은 개정 방침을 발행하고 나서 30일 이내에 효력을 가집니다. 본 방침을 정기적으로 검토하여 개인정보보호 시행법의 최신판을 이해하고 있는지 확인하는 것이 좋습니다.
연락처 정보 및 역할 lightricks Ltd.는 이스라엘 법률에 의거하여 법인 설립되었으며, 아래 표에 명시적으로 달리 언급되지 않는다면 개인 데이터의 관리인입니다(해당 용어는 일반 데이터 보호 규정 "GDPR" 또는 그와 동등한 개인정보보호 법률에 정의되어 있음).
DPO 연락처 정보: dpo@lightricks.com 
Lightricks Ltd.
Professor Racah St, Building 5.4,
Jerusalem, Israel, 9190401
유럽연합 개인정보보호 시행법과 관련한 문의는 다음과 같이 데이터 보호 담당자("DPR")에게 문의할 수 있습니다.
DPR 연락처 정보 dpr@lightricks.com 
Lightricks GmbH,
c/o Mazars Tax GmbH, Theodor Stern Kai 1, 60596 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
영국 개인정보보호 시행법과 관련한 문의는 다음과 같이 UK DPR에 문의할 수 있습니다.
UK-DPR 연락처 정보: uk-dpr@lightricks.com 
Lightricks (UK), 
ICO 등록번호: ZB253341
37 Broadhurst Gardens, London, England, NW6 3QT United Kingdom.
가공되는 데이터 세트 유형 
목적, 법적 근거, 처리 작업
각 자산과 서비스에 관하여 처리되는 개인 데이터, 목적과 작업, 그러한 처리의 법적 근거가 아래에 자세히 나와 있습니다. 아래에는 4개 표가 있습니다. 표 A에서는 앱을 사용하면서 처리되는 개인 데이터를 상술하고, 표 B에서는 개발, AI 머신러닝 또는 그 외 내부 목적에 사용되는 개인 데이터를 상술하며, 표 C에서는 포퓰러 페이즈 마켓플레이스를 사용할 때 처리되는 개인 데이터를 상술하고, 표 D에서는 귀하가 웹사이트, 광고 등과 상호작용할 때 처리되는 개인 데이터를 상술합니다. 
표 A: 앱 
앱을 설치한 후 로그인하여 계정을 만듭니다(iOS 사용자의 경우 계정 생성은 선택 사항입니다). 
온라인 식별자 및 활용 데이터 귀하가 앱을 사용할 때 당사 또는 당사의 제3자 파트너가 온라인 식별자를 통해 귀하를 식별합니다. "온라인 식별자"는 IDFA 또는 AAID, IP 주소, 장치 ID, 쿠키 ID, 에이전트 등을 포함한 고유한 식별자입니다.
당사는 직접적으로 혹은 당사의 제3자 파트너를 통해 간접적으로 온라인 식별자와 관련이 있거나 관련이 없을 수도 있는 활용 데이터를 처리하기도 합니다. 온라인 식별자와 연관된 경우 이를 개인 데이터로 다룹니다. 그 외에 활용 데이터가 집합화되거나, 익명화되거나, 신원 정보 삭제 처리되는 경우 이를 개인 데이터로 간주하지 않습니다. 
귀하의 이미지, 사진, 동영상을 통해 연령 및 성별과 같은 iOS 장치에서 처리되는 인구통계학 데이터도 수집됩니다.
아트워크를 만들거나 창작물에 효과를 추가하기 위해 사진과 이미지를 사용하는 경우 선택된 이미지가 Lightricks 클라우드에 업로드됩니다. 이러한 효과에 의해 처리되는 데이터는 귀하를 식별하는 데 사용되지 않으며, 달리 요청하지 않는다면 30일 이내에 삭제되는 원본 이미지와 아웃풋 이미지를 제외한 어떤 데이터도 Lightricks 클라우드에 저장되지 않습니다.
Lightricks는 개인 맞춤형 상품을 마케팅하기 위해 인구통계학 데이터를 처리합니다. 귀하의 실제 사진, 동영상 또는 얼굴 데이터는 마케팅 목적으로 사용되지 않으며, 이러한 정보는 타인과 절대 공유되지 않습니다. 
AI 툴 및 아바타 특정 앱에는 이미지, 사진, 동영상을 편집하고 개인 맞춤형 매직 아바타("아바타"), 모션과 효과, 아트 스타일, 텍스트를 이미지로 전환 등(통칭 "아웃풋")을 생성하기 위한 인공지능("AI") 기술이 들어 있습니다.
이를 위해 당사는 Lightricks 클라우드에 업로드된 원본 이미지와 동영상("인풋")을 처리합니다. 당사의 AI 기술은 얼굴 감지 기능을 사용하여 프레임에 나타나는 얼굴의 자세, 위치 및 기타 비식별 특성을 판단하며, 비사용자 개인 데이터를 처리할 수 있습니다(아래 섹션의 상세 설명 참조). 
아웃풋은 보통 귀하의 장치에 저장되므로 당사가 그에 대한 액세스 또는 통제 권한을 가지지 않습니다. 하지만 귀하가 구매하는 아바타는 귀하가 삭제할 때까지 아무 장치에서 언제라도 앱을 통해 이용할 수 있도록 Lightricks 클라우드에 저장됩니다. 
당사는 서비스를 제공하고 아웃풋을 생성할 목적으로 Lightricks 클라우드에 업로드된 데이터(즉, 인풋 및 아웃풋)를 사용합니다. 
당사는 귀하에게 서비스를 제공하고 계약상 의무를 준수할 목적으로 10~25개 이미지를 인풋으로서 처리하여 아바타를 만듭니다. 현재, 당사는 사용자가 개인 맞춤형 아바타를 생성할 수 있도록 신경망 모델 스테이블 디퓨전(Stable Diffusion)을 사용하고 있습니다. 
인풋은 24시간 이내에 삭제됩니다. 단, 인풋이 아바타를 만들기 위해 제공되는 경우는 예외인데, 이 경우 아바타가 생성되는 즉시 인풋이 삭제됩니다. 
비사용자 개인 데이터 당사는 귀하가 "커플 아바타" 기능과 연계하여 제출하는 이미지나 동영상과 같은 비사용자 개인 데이터를 당사와 공유했다고 판단할 수 있는 경우, 이미지나 동영상을 사용해 아바타 또는 기타 아웃풋을 생성하고 Lightricks 클라우드에서 인풋을 영구적으로 삭제합니다.
특정 기능과 서비스는 인앱 결제 또는 구독 결제 방식으로 요금이 부과됩니다. 결제는 제3자 결제 서비스를 활용해 인앱 구매("IAP")를 통해 이루어집니다. 하지만 당사는 구매와 가격 기록, 배송 상세(해당하는 경우), 주소, 연락처 전화번호, 이메일 주소와 같은 상업 거래 데이터를 처리합니다. 
당사는 Adyen 및 Paypal과 같은 제3자의 서비스와 플랫폼을 사용하거나, 구글 플레이 또는 애플 스토어에서 관리되는 IAP를 통해 결제 데이터를 처리합니다. 따라서 제3자의 플랫폼에 의해 처리되는 거래는 해당 플랫폼의 자체 개인정보처리방침과 약관에 적용받으므로 이를 검토하는 것이 좋습니다. 
귀하가 Lightricks 피드를 사용하거나 소셜미디어에서 귀하의 창작물을 공유하는 경우 당사는 프로파일 사진, 이름, 이메일 주소, 소셜미디어 계정, 피드 포스트에 대한 반응과 같은 귀하의 가용 개인 데이터("피드 데이터")를 처리합니다.
피드 데이터를 사용하여 귀하에게 Lightricks 피드 서비스를 제공하고 제3자 소셜미디어와 상호작용할 수 있게 합니다.
앱에 통합된 SDK에 대한 자세한 내용은 아래를 참조하시기 바랍니다. 
당사는 Google Analytics, Google's Crashlytics and Firebase services, Facebook과 같은 제3자 분석 서비스 제공자를 활용합니다. 귀하를 비롯한 여러 사람들이 당사 서비스를 어떻게 사용하는지 더 자세히 파악할 수 있도록 다음 분석 제공자에게 귀하의 정보를 공개할 수 있습니다.
AppsFlyer SDK
Nimble SDK
AppLovin SDK
Facebook iOS SDK
Firebase iOS SDK
Google signing iOS SDK
Survey-Monkey iOS SDK
TikTok SDK
Braze SDK
Full Story SDK
Pendo.io
당사는 귀하가 앱을 사용할 수 있게 하고 귀하에게 앱의 기능을 제공하기 위해 마케팅과 추적, 분석과 운영, 오류와 버그 수정, 언어 선호사항 조정(해당하는 경우) 목적으로 제3자 분석 제공자에게 정보를 공개합니다. 
당사는 마케팅이나 추적을 위해 개인 데이터를 처리하는 경우 반드시 동의를 받아 처리합니다. 그 외에도, 당사의 합법적 권리에 따라 이러한 SDK를 처리합니다. 
표 B: AI 머신러닝 및 내부 개발 
활용 데이터; 
AI 기술에 의해 인풋에 감지되는 얼굴의 자세, 위치 및 기타 비식별 특성을 포함한 인풋(위에 정의된 얼굴 데이터는 포함되지 않음).
당사는 이 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 제공되는 서비스를 개인별로 맞추고, 귀하가 관심을 보이는 상품을 제시하며, 귀하가 즐길 수 있는 추가 Lightricks 제품, 앱 또는 서비스를 제공합니다. 
AI 기술을 개선하고 더 나은 서비스를 제공하기 위해 당사는 익명화된 방식으로 인풋의 일부를 사용하여 알고리즘을 교육하고 모델을 만듭니다(예: 디퓨전 모델, GAN 등). 인풋은 귀하와 연결시키거나, 귀하를 식별하거나, 귀하를 식별하는 용도로 사용할 수 없습니다. 당사는 인풋을 전체적으로 사용하지 않고, 오히려 인풋에서 발췌된 특정 카피만 처리합니다. 
또한 당사는 텍스트를 이미지로 전환 및 아바타 생성과 같은 AI 기능의 성능을 개선하고 머신러닝에 사용할 수 있도록 데이터를 라벨링하기 위해 "개", "고양이", 남성이나 여성과 같은 인풋에서 감지되는 특정 이미지를 자동으로 라벨링합니다. 라벨링된 데이터를 어떤 식별된 개인에 연결시키지 않는다는 점을 유념하십시오.
위에 상술한 사항을 제외하고, 교육과 학습에 사용되는 모델은 180일 이내에 삭제됩니다. 
당사는 부적합하거나 유해한 콘텐츠를 포함하지 않도록 AI 모델의 설정을 조정하려고 최선을 다하지만 불법, 비방, 명예훼손, 음란, 포르노, 부적절, 외설, 암시, 괴롭힘, 위협, 프라이버시 또는 퍼블리시티 권리 침해, 독설, 선동, 사기와 관련이 없거나 그 외 유해한 콘텐츠로 해석되지 않는 이미지, 동영상 및 기타 콘텐츠를 업로드하는 것은 전적으로 귀하의 책임이라는 점을 유념하시기 바랍니다. 불쾌한 콘텐츠가 있다면 dpo@lightricks.com으로 당사에 연락해 주시기 바랍니다. AI 기술 사용에는 다음에서 구할 수 있는 AI 약관도 적용됩니다. website_url_lnk 
표 C: 포퓰러 페이즈 마켓플레이스 
브랜드(Brans)는 포퓰러 페이즈 마켓플레이스에 가입할 때 인가된 사용자의 연락처 정보(이름, 전화번호, 이메일 주소, 웹사이트 등)를 기입해야 합니다. 
귀하가 업로드하는 창작물에는 개인 데이터도 포함될 수 있지만, 당사는 귀하를 대신하여 창작물을 호스팅하면서 그러한 개인 데이터의 처리자(해당 용어는 GDPR에 정의되어 있음)입니다. 
당사는 처리자(해당 용어는 GDPR에 정의되어 있음)로서 브랜드를 대신하여 브랜드의 지시사항에 따라 이를 처리합니다. 
당사는 Adyen, Stripe, Braintre, Paypal과 같은 제3자의 서비스와 플랫폼을 사용하거나, 구글 플레이 또는 애플 스토어에서 관리되는 IAP를 통해 결제 데이터를 처리합니다. 따라서 제3자의 플랫폼에 의해 처리되는 거래는 해당 플랫폼의 자체 개인정보처리방침과 약관에 적용받으므로 이를 검토하는 것이 좋습니다.
표 D: 당사 웹사이트, ADS 또는 디지털 자산과 잠재고객 및 개인 상호작용
온라인 식별자 및 활용 데이터 당사 웹사이트와 상호작용 시, 당사는 직/간접적으로 온라인 식별자와 활용 데이터(즉, 액세스 시간과 날짜, 웹사이트 내에서 이동, 클릭 스트림, 지속시간, 참조된 URL, 시청한 콘텐츠 등)를 수집합니다.
제1 당사자 쿠키를 통해 웹사이트 운영에 관해 수집되는 개인 데이터는 웹사이트와 서비스 운영에 관한 당사의 합법적 권리를 기반으로 합니다. 
귀하의 관할지에 따라, 귀하가 웹사이트에서 사용되는 쿠키 통지 및 동의 관리 툴을 통해 동의를 제공한 경우에만 제3 당사자 쿠키가 개인 데이터를 처리할 수 있습니다. 
당사는 서비스를 마케팅할 때 제3자 제공자 또는 툴을 사용하여 이러한 광고 캠페인을 관리합니다. 이러한 툴을 통해 개인의 여정, 광고를 클릭한 시간, 그리고 그러한 캠페인이나 광고를 설치, 구독 또는 참여했는지 여부와 같은 정보를 수집합니다. 
위 표에 자세히 나와 있는 사용 목적당 실제 처리 작업과 법적 근거가 서로 다를 수 있다는 점을 유념하시기 바랍니다. 그러한 처리 작업에는 보통 수집, 저장, 사용, 전송에 의한 공개, 삭제 또는 폐기와 같은 자동화된 수단으로 이루어지는 일련의 작업이 포함됩니다. 국가간 데이터 이전 섹터에 자세히 나와 있는 제3국으로의 개인 데이터 이전은 위 표에 규정된 동일한 법적 근거를 기반으로 합니다. 
분석 서비스 제공자와 같은 당사를 대신해 개인 데이터를 수집하는 제3자 서비스 제공자에 의해.
쿠키 등의 기술 당사는 위의 표 A에 자세히 나와 있듯이 쿠키, 추적 픽셀(투명 GIF 및 웹 비콘으로도 알려져 있음), 제3자 소프트웨어 개발 키트(SDK)뿐만 아니라 그 외 기술을 사용하여 웹사이트, 온라인 플랫폼, 서비스나 앱을 유지관리, 제공, 개선합니다. 당사는 다양한 목적으로 쿠키를 사용합니다.
데이터 공유. 당사가 개인 데이터를 공유하는 수령자의 범주 당사는 서비스 제공에 도움이 되는 파트너나 서비스 제공자를 포함하여 제3자와 귀하의 데이터를 공유합니다. 그러한 제3자 수령자의 범주에 대한 정보는 여기에서 찾아볼 수 있습니다.
당사는 서비스 제공을 위해 필수적인 기술이나 플랫폼을 제공하는 신뢰할 수 있는 서비스 제공자("필수 서비스 제공자")에게 개인 데이터를 공개할 수 있습니다. 그러한 필수 서비스 제공자에는 호스팅 및 서버 코로케이션 서비스, 통신 및 콘텐츠 전송 네트워크(CDN), 인터넷 서비스 제공자, 운영체계 및 플랫폼, 데이터 및 사이버 보안 서비스, 사기 탐지 서비스, 빌링 및 결제 처리 서비스, 배송 및 취급 서비스, 세션 또는 활동 기록 서비스, 지원 및 고객 관계 관리 시스템이 포함됩니다. 필수 서비스 제공자는 당사를 대신해 액세스하거나 처리합니다. 필수 서비스 제공자는 요청받은 서비스를 당사에 제공하는 것 이외의 어떤 목적으로도 귀하의 개인정보를 사용하지 못합니다. 
제3자 플랫폼 
당사 서비스에는 제3자 웹사이트에 대한 링크 및 제3자 서비스와의 통합이 포함될 수 있습니다. 그러한 웹사이트와 제3자 서비스뿐만 아니라 귀하가 그러한 웹사이트 및 제3자 서비스와 함께 처리, 제출, 전송, 저장 또는 그 외 방식으로 사용하는 모든 정보는 Lightricks의 약관과 개인정보처리방침의 범위를 벗어나므로, 본 개인정보처리방침이 아니라 그러한 제3자의 약관과 개인정보보호 시행법에 적용받습니다. 게다가, 서비스가 제3자 서비스와 통합되는 경우 통합을 수행하는 API는 관련 제3자가 귀하에게 특정 콘텐츠 서비스를 제공하고 귀하의 콘텐츠 일부에 액세스할 수 있게 합니다. 예를 들어 귀하가 귀하의 콘텐츠를 인스타그램이나 틱톡과 같은 통합된 제3자 서비스에 업로드하거나 그 외 방식으로 공유하고자 하거나 이러한 서비스에서 특정 기능을 사용하고자 하는 경우 API는 해당 제3자가 귀하의 콘텐츠(예: 사진 라이브러리)에 액세스할 수 있게 합니다. 
앱 및 Lightricks 피드 기능의 성격으로 인해 앱에서 이용할 수 있는 특정 개인 데이터(예: 사용자 이름, 좋아하는 것, 다른 콘텐츠에 대한 의견)는 해당 앱 내 다른 Lightricks 사용자가 볼 수 있습니다. 당사는 귀하의 능동적인 선택이 없다면 귀하의 사진이나 동영상을 다른 사용자와 절대 공유하지 않습니다. 
제3자, 당국, 보안 제공자, 정부기관 또는 인가된 제3자.
당사는 서비스와 앱의 권리 및 안전을 보호하기 위해 사용자나 개인 혹은 일반 대중의 권리, 재산 또는 개인적 안전을 보호하는 데 도움이 된다고 신의로써 믿는 경우 개인 데이터를 타인과 공유할 수 있습니다. 법준수 및 법집행 목적이 이에 해당합니다. 즉, 이는 테러 행위, 범죄 조사나 불법 활동 혐의, 혹은 당사, 귀하 또는 기타 사용자를 법적 문제에 노출시킬 수 있는 기타 활동과 관련한 검증된 요청에 대응하여 그러한 목적 준수에 필요한 정도까지만 이루어집니다. 그러한 공개나 액세스는 당사가 신의로써 다음과 같이 믿는 경우 발생할 수 있습니다. 당사는 법적으로 그렇게 해야 하는 의무가 있습니다; 실제 발생하거나 혐의를 받는 불법 활동, 사기 또는 기타 범법행위에 관하여 조사하거나, 예방하거나, 조치를 취하려는 노력과 연계하여 공개가 적합합니다; 혹은 서비스의 보안이나 완전성을 포함하여 당사의 합법적 사업 권리를 보호하기 위해 공개가 필요합니다. 
캘리포니아, 버지니아, 콜로라도 거주민인 경우 CCPA 개인정보보호 안내문을 검토해 주시기 바랍니다. 
귀하의 권리 및 권리 행사 방법에 대한 자세한 내용은 여기에서 구할 수 있는 데이터 주체 요청서("DSR") 양식을 참조하여 이를 DPO에 발송해 주시기 바랍니다. dpo@lightricks.com. 
마지막으로, 귀하는 장치 설정을 통해, 혹은 네트워크 광고 이니셔티브("NAI") 웹사이트- NAI 고객 옵트아웃 및 디지털광고연맹("DAA") 웹사이트- DAA 옵트아웃 페이지를 거부하는 방식으로 관심 기반 광고를 거부할 수 있습니다. 
법률이나 규정상 허용 가능한 기간 이상으로 개인 데이터를 보관할 수 있는 그 외 상황은 다음과 같습니다. 법률, 규제, 과세 또는 회계 요구사항에 따라 그렇게 해야 하는 경우, 혹은 불만이나 이의 제기에 대비하여 당사와 귀하와의 거래에 대한 정확한 기록을 보관하는 경우, 혹은 개인 데이터와 관련한 소송 가능성이 있다는 당사의 합리적인 판단이 있는 경우. 
해당 법률이나 귀하와의 특정 계약에서 요구하는 경우를 제외하고, 당사는 특정 기간 동안 개인 데이터를 보관해야 하는 의무가 없습니다. 또한 귀하에게 통지 여부와 관계없이 언제라도 어떤 사유로든 이를 안전하게 삭제하거나 이에 대한 액세스를 제한할 수 있습니다. 데이터 보관 방침에 대한 질문이 있다면 다음으로 당사에 문의해 주시기 바랍니다. dpo@lightricks.com. 
귀하의 개인정보보호가 당사의 개인정보처리방침을 위반하는 방식으로 적절하게 다루어지지 않았다고 느끼거나, 개인 데이터에 대한 제3자의 무단 액세스 시도를 알게 되는 경우 dpo@lightricks.com으로 당사에 연락해 주시기 바랍니다. 당사는 개인 데이터와 관련된 보안 사건을 발견하는 경우 귀하와 관할당국(해당 법률에서 요구한다면)에 통보하기 위한 합리적인 노력을 기울입니다. 
국가간 데이터 이전 당사가 정보를 호스팅하고 저장하는 데이터 서버는 미국과 유럽연합을 포함하여 전 세계에 있습니다. 본사는 이스라엘에 있으며, 여기에서 로컬 서버, 클라우드 호스팅 서버 또는 사용되는 기타 시스템과 플랫폼에 저장된 정보에 액세스할 수 있습니다. 귀하의 관할지 밖으로 개인 데이터를 이전해야 하는 경우 해당 법률에서 요구하는 바에 따라 개인 데이터의 적합한 보호 수준을 확보하기 위해 적절한 조치를 취합니다. 또한 유럽경제지역("EEA"), 영국 또는 스위스 내에서 수집되는 개인 데이터가 유럽연합집행위원회 또는 ICO의 적합성 결정을 받지 않은 그러한 관할지 외 국가로 이전되는 경우 당사는 유럽연합, 영국 또는 스위스 표준 계약 조항에 따라 그러한 개인 데이터의 이전 시 충분한 보호 수단이 제공되도록 필요한 조치를 취합니다. 따라서 당사는 규제기관이 데이터 보호를 보장하기 위해 사전 승인한 계약상 보호 수단을 사용하여 개인 데이터를 보호하고자 데이터 수입업자에게서 계약상 약속이나 보장을 확보합니다.
자격 및 아동 개인정보보호 이 서비스는 아동이 사용할 수 없습니다("아동"이라는 문구는 해당 법률에 규정된 연령 미만의 개인을 의미하며, 이와 관련하여 EEA에서는 만 16세 미만이고 미국에서는 만 13세 미만입니다). 당사는 고의로 아동의 정보를 처리하지 않습니다. 당사는 "아동"으로 간주되는 사용자에게서 정보를 받았다는 것을 알게 되는 즉시, 해당 정보를 폐기합니다. 아동이 당사에 정보를 제공했다는 믿을만한 근거가 있는 경우 dpo@lightricks.com으로 당사에 연락해 주시기 바랍니다.
14.상세.
브라질: 당사는 브라질에 소재한 사용자를 위해 특별히 이 섹션을 만들었습니다. 브라질에 소재한 사용자는 Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais("LGPD")를 포함하여 브라질 법률에 규정된 특정 개인정보보호 권리를 가집니다. 당사가 모든 사용자에게 제공하는 개인정보처리방침과 개인정보보호 관리는 이러한 법률에 부합합니다. 이 안내문은 당사가 브라질 관련 요건을 충족하고 있음을 알려줍니다. 예를 들어 모든 사용자는 자신의 데이터 사본을 요청하고, 삭제를 요구하며, 앱에서 개인정보보호 설정을 관리할 수 있습니다. 
데이터 관리인에 대한 정보는 위의 섹션 2에 나와 있습니다. 
LGPD에 따른 법적 근거는 계약(당사가 체결한 계약의 의무에 부합함), 합법적 권리(당사는 그렇게 할 수 있는 권리, 즉 합법적 권리가 있음), 동의(당사는 귀하의 허가를 요청했음), 법적 의무입니다. 섹션 4의 표에서는 각 데이터 세트를 처리하기 위한 법적 근거를 자세히 설명합니다. 
미국: 캘리포니아, 네바다, 버지니아, 콜로라도, 코네티컷 상세 내용은 CCPA 안내문을 참조하시기 바랍니다.