skip content
WEBTOON
Creators 101 Publish Log In
Close the Login window
Search
MENU
ORIGINALS
GENRES
POPULAR
CANVAS 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMUNITY POLICY
AD REVENUE SHARING TERMS
Privacy Policy
If you are accessing from France (Français), Indonesia (Indonesia), Taiwan (中文(繁體)) Thailand(ภาษาไทย) respective regional Privacy Policy will apply.
English
Français
Indonesia
WEBTOON PRIVACY POLICY HIGHLIGHTS
Last Updated: June 27, 2023
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. (including its affiliates, hereinafter together referred to as "we", "our" or "us") respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we collect through WEBTOON application and website, WEBTOON TRANSLATE and CANVAS (collectively "Services").
OVERVIEW OF PRIVACY POLICY
In this Privacy Policy, we describe the types of personal information we process through the Services, how we may use the information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you regarding use of the information and exercise of your rights. We also describe the measures we take to safeguard the information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices. Below you will find a summary of the key messages contained in our Privacy Policy. For more detailed information on how we process your information, please click on the headings or continue to read below.
Data Controllers 
Information We Collect 
How We Use the Information We Collect 
Information Sharing 
Retention of Personal Information 
Your Rights 
Exercising Your Rights and Your Choices 
How We Protect Personal Information 
Children's Personal Information 
Contact Us 
Links to Other Websites 
Updates to Our Privacy Policy 
Regional Privacy Disclosures 
WEBTOON PRIVACY POLICY
Data Controllers
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. and WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. share joint controllership for processing personal information and share information as joint controllers of your personal information to provide Services efficiently and in compliance with applicable law.
In any event, you can contact us in writing at the following addresses: nAVER WEBTOON Ltd.
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republic of Korea. 
or 
WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
United States 
Information We Collect
The following personal information is collected in connection with the Services
Information you provide directly
When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of collection. For example Date of Birth: When you access our Services, we may request your date of birth to verify your age depending on your jurisdiction.
When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of collection. For example Contact information: When a user is considered a child in accordance with applicable law in user's jurisdiction, we may need the user's name and legal guardian's e-mail address to obtain legal guardian's consent depending on your jurisdiction. Moreover, when you participate in our events or promotions, we may ask for your name, phone number, address, email address and any other information required to deliver prizes and to respond to inquiries.
When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of collection. For example Account information: When you create your own account and login to your account, we may need your nickname, email address and password. Additionally, when you login to a third party account or to your profile with us, we may ask for information such as nickname or profile picture.
When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of collection. For example Survey information: When you participate in our surveys or opinion polls, we may ask for your name, phone number, gender and any other information that can be reasonably required to conduct surveys or opinions and provide rewards.
When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of collection. For example Image Information: When you choose to use toon filter, we may collect photos and gather information about the images, including identifying the objects and scenery that appear, as well as the presence and location of facial and body features and attributes within your photos. This information is not linked to your account and is soley used to enable the toon filter effect and detect inappropriate images. Please note that we do not use this information to identify specific individuals or for the purpose of training or improving our technology.
When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of collection. For example Customer Care information: To provide responses when you contact our Customer Care, we may collect any information you choose to provide, such as your requests or inquiries. When you communicate with our Customer Care staff or others, your communications will be transmitted through our systems through your email address.
When you use our Services, you may provide us with your personal information after being informed of the privacy information at the time of collection. For example Identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as device identifiers (e.g., cookies, beacons, pixel tags), mobile ad identifiers and similar technology, customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias, telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, Internet Protocol address other similar identifiers.
[For Creators]
When you use CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM, we may need to collect the following additional information: Creator Profile information: We may request information that you have voluntarily shared with the public through your Creator Profile page, including your profile picture, bio, social media links, website and more.
When you use CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM, we may need to collect the following additional information: We may request that your PayPal ID or Patreon ID be linked to the Service.
When you use CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM, we may need to collect the following additional information: We may request your uTip ID to provide reward or bonus.
When you use CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM, we may need to collect the following additional information: AD Revenue Payment Information: If you choose to provide your PayPal account, we may ask for additional information such as your Name (Legal Name/Business Alias), Full name/Business Name, Country, Residency, Address, Postal code, E-mail, Signature and Tax ID (or Social Security Number when applicable) for tax processing purposes.
[For WEBTOON TRANSLATE Users]
When you use WEBTOON TRANSLATE, we may need to collect the following additional information: Profile information: We may collect information that you have voluntarily shared with the public through your profile page, including your profile picture, nickname, user site URL, location and language of your choice.
When you use WEBTOON TRANSLATE, we may need to collect the following additional information: Team manager application information: If you apply as a team manager, we may request your "My Profile" URL, the language of your choice and other translating experiences.
Information collected through cookies and similar technologies
We and third parties may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, tags, and other tracking technologies (which we will refer to collectively as "cookies") to help us gather statistical information in order to improve your experience with the Services, save your preferences, and to provide you offers. These cookies may be used to track you across devices and websites over time. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and session IDs, but you may be able to disable cookies by making the appropriate selection from your browser options or through the Cookie Settings. Note that by doing so, the functionality of our Services may be limited.
To find out more on how we use the cookies collected, please refer to our Cookie Policy. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit website_url_lnk or website_url_lnk
Information about your use of services
In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of our Services through software on your devices and by other means. We will collect Service usage information: your interactions with the Services, dates and times of use of the Services and any Service usage information such as reading genre preferences, comments or likes, Coin and Free Passes balances, commercial information including purchase and transaction history, recent views, subscription history, download history, and event, promotion and contest participation; 
In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of our Services through software on your devices and by other means. We will collect Information relating to the organization of contests and any promotional operations: date of participation, responses to the contests and nature of the prizes offered; 
In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of our Services through software on your devices and by other means. We will collect Device and Log Information: Device and Log information such as device model, OS version, IP address, setting of devices, country information based on IP address, URL and network type; 
In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of our Services through software on your devices and by other means. We will collect Transaction /Purchase details: we do not collect or process any payment details concerning you (e.g., credit card details). Such information is only collected and processed through Apple's App Store, Google Play Store, and PayPal. The only information that Apple, Google and PayPal may share with us is transaction and purchase details (e.g., transaction number, purchase history). Such information is only processed to validate the transactions.
Information collected through 3rd Party Analytics
Through certain Services, we may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services on the Services. The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Services or help administer the Services. 
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information collected above for the following purposes: [For Users and Creators]
Identify and authenticate you and administer your account 
Provide a Service or feature you request, such as to respond to your request, questions and instructions made through the Services; 
Conduct surveys and analyses necessary for improving the Service; 
Send you information and prizes for campaigns and events; 
Processing payment and billing when a user purchases a product or uses a Service that is not free; 
Provide you with tailored functions such as recommendation based on your most visited webpages and additional content tailored to your interests via the Interest tab; 
Send you communications via email or in-product notifications (e.g., pop-up notification, push notification) in relation to our Services as controlled by your communication preferences; 
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products and services; 
Create de-identified, anonymized or aggregated information; 
Deliver and protect Digital Content; 
Ensure the information security of our Services; 
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; 
Generate statistical data pertaining to usage of the Services; 
Ensure and monitor the effectiveness and availability of the services to improve performance of the website and the application; 
Comply with and enforce applicable law requirements, our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws), relevant industry standards and our policies, including this Privacy Policy; 
Validate transaction and prevent fraud and abuse; 
Respond to your inquiries and send users important notifications when necessary; and 
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected 
[For Creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM]
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Provide rewards, bonus or deliver prizes to survey participants, contest entrants or winners; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Verify your identity to comply with applicable federal laws; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Provide AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM to users; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Send emails relevant to your work or usage, as controlled by your email preference; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Reply to your questions; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Understand how you use the Service and create better AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAMs; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Generate statistical data pertaining to usage of the Services; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Conduct research and development to improve AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM and develop future products; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Comply with and enforce applicable law requirements, our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws), relevant industry standards and our policies, including this Privacy Policy; 
In addition to the above purposes, we may use the information collected on creators using CANVAS and AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM for the following additional purposes: Prevent fraud and abuse of AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM and prevent other criminal activity, claims and liabilities.
Information Sharing
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. and WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. share information as joint controllers of your personal information whenever necessary to provide Services efficiently and in compliance with applicable law. We disclose or share personal information about you through the Services as described in the following: Publicly Available Information. Information that you have voluntarily registered to be shared with the public can be seen by anyone, including those who do not have an account. This may include your nickname, profile picture, short bio, social media links, website, other information on your public profile, and any information or content you share with a public audience.
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. and WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. share information as joint controllers of your personal information whenever necessary to provide Services efficiently and in compliance with applicable law. We disclose or share personal information about you through the Services as described in the following: Service Providers. We may disclose your information to companies that provide Services on behalf of us, such as companies that help us develop and operate systems for the Service with customer contact centers, as well as customer care activities, advertising (including customized advertising on our websites, third-party websites, or online platforms), conducting customer satisfaction surveys, billing or that send emails on our behalf. These entities are limited by contractual provisions in their ability to use your information for purposes other than providing Services for us.
Acting as service providers in accordance with legal regulations, such suppliers may have access to your personal information in order to provide the services and comply with the obligations arising from the legal relationships maintained between the aforementioned third parties and us. In any case, we have signed the corresponding confidentiality and data protection agreements with those service providers, in full compliance with the provisions of current legislation on data protection. 
Payment Partners. Payment and purchase information is collected and processed by payment partners for payment processing and anti-fraud purposes. 
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties to comply with the law or respond to compulsory legal process (such as a search warrant or other court order); 
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services; 
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties to protect our rights, property, or safety, or, in compliance with data protection laws, any of our respective affiliates, business partners, or customers.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties Other Parties in Connection with Transactions. We may disclose your information to a third party as part of an actual or planned merger or transfer, acquisition or sale, or in the event of a bankruptcy.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties Other Parties with Your Consent or on Your Request. In addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties Links to Other Websites, Devices, Apps and Features. The Service may provide the ability to connect to other websites, devices, apps and other features, which may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked website, device, app or other feature is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, use or privacy practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic: at the minimum duration for which the information is used to provide you with a service; 
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic: as required under law, a contract, or with regard to our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws); 
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic: only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or, in anonymized form, for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.
Thus, we will only keep your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes for which we collect them and to comply with legal, financial, business or reporting requirements. When we no longer need the personal information, we will securely delete or destroy it. 
We will store the collected data even thereafter, until the expiration of any legal liability arising therefrom. 
Your Rights
Your personal information belongs to you. Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you can ask us to provide details about what we've collected, and you can ask us to correct any inaccuracies. The details of your rights are as follows your right of access: you have the right to ask us whether or not we are using or storing your personal information. You can also ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your personal information belongs to you. Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you can ask us to provide details about what we've collected, and you can ask us to correct any inaccuracies. The details of your rights are as follows your right to rectification: you have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to complete information you consider is incomplete.
Your personal information belongs to you. Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you can ask us to provide details about what we've collected, and you can ask us to correct any inaccuracies. The details of your rights are as follows your right to erasure: you have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in the following circumstances: we no longer need your personal information, you initially consented to the use of your personal information, but have now withdrawn your consent, you have objected to the use of your personal information and your interests outweigh those of our company, we have collected or used your personal information unlawfully, and we have a legal obligation to erase your personal information.
Your personal information belongs to you. Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you can ask us to provide details about what we've collected, and you can ask us to correct any inaccuracies. The details of your rights are as follows your right to restrict processing: you have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in the following circumstances: you have challenged the accuracy of your personal information, you have objected to the use of your personal information, we processed your personal information unlawfully without you wishing to delete it, and we no longer need your personal information but you wish us to keep it in order to defend or exercise legal claims.
Your personal information belongs to you. Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you can ask us to provide details about what we've collected, and you can ask us to correct any inaccuracies. The details of your rights are as follows your right to object to processing: you have the right to object to the processing of your personal information if we are using your personal information for a task carried out in the public interest, our legitimate interests, scientific or historical research or statistical purposes, or direct marketing.
Your personal information belongs to you. Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you can ask us to provide details about what we've collected, and you can ask us to correct any inaccuracies. The details of your rights are as follows your right to data portability: this right applies to personal information you have provided to us and where the processing is automated, based on your consent or made under a contract. You have the right to ask us, if technically feasible, to transfer your personal information to another organisation or directly provide it to you in a way accessible and machine readable.
You also have the right to withdraw consent: at any time where the processing is based on your consent, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before such withdrawal. 
You have the right to lodge a complaint before a supervisory authority: you can lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes applicable law. 
Exercising Your Rights and Your Choices
If you want to exercise the above rights or if you would like to submit your request, please contact us as specified in the Contact Us section (section 10 of this Privacy Policy). However, if permitted by law, we may charge you a small fee for providing you with this ability. Subject to applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
You may access or correct your personal information registered with us at any time via the "Account" or "Creator Profile" page.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by deleting your account at any time. If you have any series published on CANVAS, you must delete them first to delete your account. Once you delete your account, your account profile and subscription history will be deleted permanently and become unrecoverable. Any tax information submitted to us will be maintained for a period of time, as required by financial laws and regulations.
If you would like to change your preference regarding our communications (including marketing communications), you can change your communication preferences from "Account" page or "Settings" page. You can also unsubscribe from our email marketing communications at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link on the bottom of the email.
You can manage the use of optional cookies by clicking on the "Cookie Settings" solution displayed when you open the application/visit the website and at any time through the Cookie Settings. To find out more on how we use the cookies collected, please refer to our Cookie Policy. You can also restrict or disable certain types of cookies by visiting website_url_lnk or website_url_lnk
How We Protect Personal Information
We take protection of your information seriously and maintain safeguards designed to protect the information we collect in connection with the Services. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information as it is transmitted to us. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we assume no liability or responsibility for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized access by third-parties or other causes beyond our control.
You play an important role in keeping your information secure. You should not share your username or password for your account with anyone. If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure, please contact us immediately.
Children's Personal Information
The Services are designed for a general audience. If the consent of the parent (or legal guardian) is required to process the child's personal information pursuant to the applicable law, we will process such information upon obtaining consent of the parent (or legal guardian) in accordance with the legally required process.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or inquiries concerning the Policies for handling personal information, you may send them to our personal information management department at: Customer Care. 
You can contact us by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer at the following address: dpo@webtoonscorp.com 
In any event, you can contact us in writing at the following addresses. 
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. 
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republic of Korea. 
As NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. and WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. will take joint action whenever necessary to comply with your rights, requests or complaints, you can also contact us at WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. wEBTOON Entertainment Inc.
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
United States 
Links to Other Websites
You may identify hyperlinks to access the websites of other organisations on our websites or in the content we provide to you (e.g., promotional email or events). Please note that this privacy policy does not cover how other companies will process your personal information. We recommend you to read the privacy policies applicable to such other websites.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Service, or changes in the applicable law. We will post a notice on our Service to notify you in advance of material changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated. 
This Privacy Policy is effective from, June 27, 2023 (effective immediately for new users). 
Regional Privacy Disclosures
For U. S. Residents
This section supplements the WEBTOON Privacy Policy and applies solely to U. S. residents. 
Information we process 
We may request date of birth, to verify your ability to access certain features of the Services and to tailor content and advertisements to you. 
When a child is under 13 years of age, we collect the child's name and parent's e-mail address from the child that are necessary to provide any necessary notice and to obtain parental consent. 
Children's Personal Information 
Users under the age of 13 are not the primary audience for our service as it relates to the COPPA compliance. We may ask you to provide age-related information in order to help us comply with data protection laws. In particular, we will request your date of birth to determine whether or not you are allowed to benefit from the services or if we have to obtain verifiable parental consent from your parent or relevant holder of parental responsibility before allowing you to access and benefit from the services. If parental consent from user's parents or legal guardian is necessary, we will obtain such consent before processing personal information of children. To read about our privacy policy for children, please see the Children's Privacy Policy. 
For Consumers Residing in Certain U. S. States
This section supplements the WEBTOON Privacy Policy and applies to consumers who reside in jurisdictions where there is a privacy statute (excluding WEBTOON ENTERTAINMENT Inc. applicants and personnel). 
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information 
Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months: Identifiers such as name, citizenship, residence address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology, customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias, telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers (including date of birth, contact information, account information, identifiers, survey information, customer care information, Creator Profile information, PayPal ID, Patreon ID, uTip ID, AD Revenue Payment Information, WEBTOON TRANSLATE Profile and team manager application information stipulated in section 2 above); 
Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months: Other identifying information, such as social security number, tax ID, tax form; 
Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months: Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies (including transaction and purchase details stipulated in section 2 above); 
Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements (including information about your use of Services and information collected through 3rd Party Analytics stipulated in section 2 above); 
Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months: Sensory information including electronic, visual, or similar information; 
Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months: Biometric identifiers and biometric information: when you choose to use toon filter, we may collect biometric identifiers and biometric information as defined under certain U. S. state laws, such as image of face and features and attributes of your face and body to enable filter effect and detect inappropriate images. We do not use this information to identify specific individuals or for the purpose of training or improving our technology. Where required by law, we will seek your consent from you prior to any such collection; 
Categories of Personal Information We Collect: We may have collected the following categories of personal information about you in the last 12 months: Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive Personal Information: Depending on the state in which you reside, we may collect some sensitive personal information about you when you use the Services, such as social security number for tax purposes. 
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources: From you or your devices, for example, through your use of the Services; 
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources: Our affiliated companies which provide services on our behalf, such as customer support and payment processing; 
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources: Vendors who provide Services on our behalf; 
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources: Advertising networks; 
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources: Data analytics providers; 
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources: Payment partners; 
Categories of Sources of Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you from the following categories of sources: Social media networks.
Business & Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you for the following business or commercial purposes (in addition to the purposes listed above in the WEBTOON Privacy Policy): Performing Services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing targeted advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services; 
Business & Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you for the following business or commercial purposes (in addition to the purposes listed above in the WEBTOON Privacy Policy): Auditing, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance, short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, nonpersonalized advertising shown as part of a consumer's current interaction with the business; 
Business & Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you for the following business or commercial purposes (in addition to the purposes listed above in the WEBTOON Privacy Policy): Helping to ensure the security and integrity of the Service; 
Business & Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you for the following business or commercial purposes (in addition to the purposes listed above in the WEBTOON Privacy Policy): Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; 
Business & Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you for the following business or commercial purposes (in addition to the purposes listed above in the WEBTOON Privacy Policy): Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; 
Business & Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information: We may have collected personal information about you for the following business or commercial purposes (in addition to the purposes listed above in the WEBTOON Privacy Policy): Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a Service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the Service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Our affiliates, subsidiaries and business partners; 
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Vendors who provide services on our behalf; 
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Payment partners; 
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Social networks; 
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Other users or creators; 
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms; 
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Ad networks and analytics providers; 
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Disclosed: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Other third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing.
We may also disclose your personal information with the following categories of third parties: A third party as part of an actual or planned merger or transfer, acquisition or sale, or in the event of a bankruptcy; 
We may also disclose your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Government entities, including law enforcement as required by law.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose: In the preceding 12 months, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose: identifiers, other identifying information (e.g., social security number), financial information, commercial information, internet and other electronic network activity information, sensory information, and inferences. 
Categories of Personal Information Sold & Third Parties: We have sold the following categories of personal information about you to the following categories of third parties: Advertising/marketing cookies and similar information to advertising partners in order to show you targeted advertisement based on your interactions with our Services; 
Categories of Personal Information Sold & Third Parties: We have sold the following categories of personal information about you to the following categories of third parties: Identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, and internet protocol address, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services; 
Categories of Personal Information Sold & Third Parties: We have sold the following categories of personal information about you to the following categories of third parties: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services; 
Categories of Personal Information Sold & Third Parties: We have sold the following categories of personal information about you to the following categories of third parties: Inferences, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services.
We do have actual knowledge that we have sold personal information of consumers under the age of 16 only with consent. 
Categories of Personal Information Shared for Targeted Advertising & Third Parties: The categories of personal information that we have shared for targeting advertising include Advertising/marketing cookies and similar information to advertising partners in order to show you targeted advertisement based on your interactions with our Services; 
Categories of Personal Information Shared for Targeted Advertising & Third Parties: The categories of personal information that we have shared for targeting advertising include Identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, and internet protocol address, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services; 
Categories of Personal Information Shared for Targeted Advertising & Third Parties: The categories of personal information that we have shared for targeting advertising include Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services; 
Categories of Personal Information Shared for Targeted Advertising & Third Parties: The categories of personal information that we have shared for targeting advertising include Inferences, which we share with our service providers, advertising partners, and other vendors to provide the Services.
We do have actual knowledge that we have shared personal information of consumers under the age of 16 only with consent. 
Consumer Rights 
Depending on where you reside, and subject to applicable law and exceptions, you may be entitled to the following rights with respect to your personal information: Right to Know: Subject to applicable exceptions, you may have the right to request that we disclose personal information that we have collected, sold, or shared about you in the past 12 months, including: o the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; o the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information; o the categories of personal information about you that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose; and o the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information.
o the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; o the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information; o the categories of personal information about you that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose; and o the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information. 
Right to Data Portability: You may have the right to request that personal information that has been collected and maintained about you be transferred to you via a secure method in a commonly used electronic format that enables you to have complete access to and full enjoyment of your data, subject to applicable law and exceptions, including, but not limited to, the capacity to save, edit, and transfer the personal information to any other person or platform at your discretion. 
Right to Correct: Subject to applicable law and exceptions, you may have the right to correct or modify inaccurate personal information that we may have collected about you. 
Right to Delete: You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you, subject to applicable law and exceptions. 
Sale of Personal Information & Targeted Advertising: Depending on the state in which you reside, you may have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information and targeted advertising. To opt out, please click "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" or click the link on our homepage. 
Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on the Service may change or no longer be available to you. 
Other California Rights o Shine the Light: California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. o Do Not Track: Some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
To submit an access, deletion, correction, or portability request, click here or contact us as specified in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. We may require that you provide us with your e-mail address. When we receive your request, we will review the information that you provide and attempt to use it to verify your identity by comparing it against the information we have on file. You may also have an authorized agent submit a request on your behalf through this process. When we receive such a request, we will process the request, consistent with our standard process for verifying consumer requests. In addition, we may request information to demonstrate the agent's authority to act on your behalf. You may have the right to appeal a denial of your consumer rights request by Customer Care or email contact (dpo@webtoonscorp.com). 
As noted above, we do not engage in profiling to make decisions that result in a legal or similarly significant effect based solely on automated processing of your personal information. All decision-making processes related to the processing purposes described above are carried out with human intervention. 
Although some of the information that we may collect could be considered sensitive information under certain U. S. state privacy laws, we only use and disclose sensitive information for a subset of the purposes described above. For example, we may collect and process SSNs and information of citizenship for tax purposes. 
Data Retention 
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic: at the minimum duration for which the information is used to provide you with a service; 
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic: as required under law, a contract, or with regard to our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws); 
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic: only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or, in anonymized form, for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.
Thus, we will only keep your personal information for as long as we need it for the purposes for which we collect them and to comply with legal, financial, business or reporting requirements. When we no longer need the personal information, we will securely delete or destroy it. 
We will store the collected data even thereafter, until the expiration of any legal liability arising therefrom. 
Other Topics 
Contact Information: You can contact us by sending an email to the following address: dpo@webtoonscorp.com
WEBTOON, PRINCIPAUX ÉLÉMENTS DE LA POLITIQUE DE PROTECTION DES DONNÉES POUR LA FRANCE
Dernière mise à jour : 27 juin 2023.
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. (y compris ses filiales, ci-après dénommées ensemble « nous » ou « notre ») attache de l'importance à la protection de votre vie privée. La présente Politique de protection des données s'applique aux données à caractère personnel collectées via l'application et/ou le site web WEBTOON TRANSLATE et CANVAS (désignés ensemble comme les « Services »).
VUE D'ENSEMBLE DE LA POLITIQUE DE PROTECTION DES DONNÉES
La présente Politique de protection des données décrit les types de données à caractère personnel que nous traitons via nos Services, la manière dont nous pouvons utiliser ces données, les entités avec lesquelles nous pouvons les partager ainsi que les possibilités dont vous disposez quant à l'utilisation de ces données et à l'exercice de vos droits. Elle décrit également les mesures que nous prenons pour sécuriser les données et vous indique comment nous contacter pour toute question relative à nos pratiques de protection des données. Vous trouverez ci-dessous un résumé des principaux messages de notre Politique de protection des données. Pour plus d'informations sur la manière dont nous traitons vos données, veuillez cliquer sur les titres ou poursuivre la lecture ci-dessous
Responsables du traitement 
Données que nous collectons 
Comment nous utilisons les données que nous collectons 
Partage de données 
Conservation de données à caractère personnel 
Vos droits 
Exercer vos droits et possibilités de choix 
Comment nous protégeons les données à caractère personnel 
Données à caractère personnel des enfants 
Nous contacter 
Liens vers d'autres sites web 
Mises à jour de notre Politique de protection des données 
Divulgation de données au niveau régional 
POLITIQUE DE PROTECTION DES DONNÉES DE WEBTOON POUR LA FRANCE
Responsables du traitement
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. et WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. sont responsables conjointement du traitement des données à caractère personnel. Ils partagent à ce titre des données afin de garantir une fourniture efficace de leurs Services et ce, dans le respect des lois applicables.
Pour toute demande, vous pouvez nous contacter par écrit aux coordonnées suivantes nAVER WEBTOON Ltd.
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
République de Corée 
ou 
WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
USA 
Données que nous collectons
Les données à caractère personnel suivantes sont collectées dans le cadre des Services
Données que vous nous communiquez directement
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, vous pouvez nous fournir des renseignements personnels comprenant notamment les informations suivantes Votre date de naissance : lorsque vous accédez à nos Services, nous pouvons vous demander de renseigner votre date de naissance afin de vérifier votre âge, en fonction du territoire où vous vous trouvez.
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, vous pouvez nous fournir des renseignements personnels comprenant notamment les informations suivantes Coordonnées : dans l'hypothèse où l'un de nos utilisateurs serait considéré comme mineur au titre des lois applicables sur le territoire dans lequel il relève, nous pouvons requérir la communication du nom de l'utilisateur et de l'adresse électronique de son représentant légal afin d'obtenir le consentement de ce dernier, en fonction du territoire où vous vous trouvez. Par ailleurs, au titre de votre participation à nos événements ou promotions, nous pouvons être amenés à vous demander votre nom, numéro de téléphone, adresse, et adresse électronique ainsi que toute autre information nécessaire à la remise de prix et à la réponse aux sollicitations.
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, vous pouvez nous fournir des renseignements personnels comprenant notamment les informations suivantes Données de compte : lorsque vous créez votre propre compte et que vous vous connectez à votre compte, nous pouvons avoir besoin de votre pseudonyme/identifiant, adresse électronique et de votre mot de passe. De plus, lorsque vous vous connectez à votre profil ou à un compte tiers, nous pouvons vous demander des informations telles que votre pseudonyme ou votre photo de profil.
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, vous pouvez nous fournir des renseignements personnels comprenant notamment les informations suivantes Données liées à des enquêtes : lorsque vous participez à nos enquêtes ou sondages d'opinion, nous pouvons demander votre nom, votre numéro de téléphone, votre sexe et toute autre information pouvant raisonnablement être requise à ces fins, ou encore dans le but d'accorder des récompenses.
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, vous pouvez nous fournir des renseignements personnels comprenant notamment les informations suivantes Information de l'image : Lorsque vous utilisez toon filter, nous pouvons collecter vos photos et assembler les informations sur les images, ce qui inclut l'identification des objets et du paysage apparaissant dans celles-ci, ainsi que la présence et l'emplacement des traits et attributs facials et corporels dans ces photos. Ces informations ne sont pas liées à votre compte et ne sont utilisées que pour les effets de toon filter et pour détecter les images inappropriées. Veuillez prendre en note que nous n'utilisons pas ces informations pour identifier des individus spécifiques ou pour des objectifs d'apprentissage ou pour l'amélioration de notre technologie.
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, vous pouvez nous fournir des renseignements personnels comprenant notamment les informations suivantes Données liées au Service Client : pour être en mesure de vous répondre lorsque vous contactez notre Service Client, nous pouvons collecter toutes les informations que vous décidez de nous divulguer, telles que vos demandes ou questions. Lorsque vous communiquez avec les employés de notre Service Client ou autres, vos communications seront transmises dans nos systèmes via votre adresse électronique.
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, vous pouvez nous fournir des renseignements personnels comprenant notamment les informations suivantes Identifiants, tels que l'identifiant personnel unique (en ce compris les identifiants d'appareil (ex : cookies, balises, pixels invisibles), identifiants d'annonces publicitaires mobiles et technologies similaires, numéro de client, pseudonyme unique ou alias d'utilisateur, numéro de téléphone et toutes autres formes d'identifiants persistants ou probables), identifiant en ligne, adresse Internet Protocol ou autres identifiants similaires.
[Pour les Créateurs]
Si vous utilisez CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES, nous pouvons avoir besoin de collecter les données complémentaires suivantes Données de profil Créateur : nous pouvons demander des données que vous avez volontairement partagées avec le public via votre page de Profil de créateur, notamment votre photo de profil, votre biographie, vos liens de réseaux sociaux, votre site web et plus.
Si vous utilisez CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES, nous pouvons avoir besoin de collecter les données complémentaires suivantes Nous pouvons demander que votre identifiant PayPal ou votre identifiant Patreon soient associés au Service.
Si vous utilisez CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES, nous pouvons avoir besoin de collecter les données complémentaires suivantes Nous pouvons demander votre identifiant uTip pour vous accorder des récompenses ou primes.
Si vous utilisez CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES, nous pouvons avoir besoin de collecter les données complémentaires suivantes Informations de paiement des revenus publicitaires : si vous décidez de nous communiquer votre compte PayPal, nous pouvons demander des informations complémentaires telles que votre Nom complet / Dénomination sociale, Raison d'être, Pays, Domicile, Adresse, Code postal, Adresse électronique, Signature et Numéro fiscal (ou Numéro de sécurité sociale si applicable) à des fins de traitement fiscal.
[Pour les utilisateurs de WEBTOON TRANSLATE]
Lorsque vous utilisez WEBTOON TRANSLATE, nous pouvons collecter les données complémentaires suivantes Données de profil : nous pouvons collecter des données que vous avez volontairement partagées avec le public via votre page de profil, notamment votre photo de profil, pseudonyme, URL du site de l'utilisateur, localisation et la langue choisie.
Lorsque vous utilisez WEBTOON TRANSLATE, nous pouvons collecter les données complémentaires suivantes Données relatives aux candidatures au poste de chef d'équipe : si vous postulez comme chef d'équipe, nous pouvons demander votre URL « Mon Profil », la langue que vous avez choisie et vos autres expériences en traduction.
Données collectées via des cookies et autres technologies similaires
Des tiers, ainsi que nous même, pouvons utiliser des cookies, balises web, pixels, tags et autres technologies de traçage (que nous désignerons ensemble sous le terme de « cookies ») pour nous aider à collecter des données statistiques dans le but d'améliorer votre expérience lors de l'utilisation des Services, d'enregistrer vos préférences et de vous envoyer des offres. Ces cookies peuvent être utilisés pour suivre votre activité sur différents appareils et sites web dans le temps. La plupart des navigateurs web acceptent automatiquement les cookies et identifiants de session, mais vous pouvez éventuellement désactiver les cookies en sélectionnant les options appropriées dans votre navigateur, ou via nos paramétrage des cookies. Notez que dans ce cas, la fonctionnalité de nos Services pourra être restreinte.
Pour en savoir plus sur la manière dont nous utilisons les cookies que nous collectons, veuillez consulter notre Politique de Cookies. Pour en savoir plus sur les cookies, notamment pour savoir quels cookies ont été déposés, consultez website_url_lnk ou website_url_lnk
Données sur votre utilisation des services
En plus des données que vous nous communiquez, nous collectons des données sur votre utilisation de nos Services par le biais d'un logiciel sur vos appareils et par tout autres moyens. Nous collectons les données suivantes Données sur l'utilisation des Services : vos interactions avec les Services, les dates et heures de votre utilisation des Services ainsi que toute information sur l'utilisation des Services, notamment sur vos préférences de genre de lecture, vos commentaires et « likes », vos soldes de « Coins » et Free Pass, ainsi que toutes données commerciales y compris l'historique des achats et transactions, vues récentes, des abonnements et téléchargements et de participation à des événements, promotions et/ou concours ; 
En plus des données que vous nous communiquez, nous collectons des données sur votre utilisation de nos Services par le biais d'un logiciel sur vos appareils et par tout autres moyens. Nous collectons les données suivantes Données sur l'organisation de concours et/ou opérations promotionnelles : date de participation, réponses aux concours et nature des prix offerts ; 
En plus des données que vous nous communiquez, nous collectons des données sur votre utilisation de nos Services par le biais d'un logiciel sur vos appareils et par tout autres moyens. Nous collectons les données suivantes Sur les appareils et les connexions : les données sur les appareils et les connexions et, notamment sur le modèle d'appareil, version du système d'exploitation, adresse IP, configuration de l'appareil, données sur le pays basées sur l'adresse IP, URL et type de réseau et ; 
-Données sur les Transactions/Achats : nous ne collectons ni ne traitons aucune information de paiement vous concernant (données de carte de crédit par exemple). Ces données sont uniquement collectées et traitées par l'App Store d'Apple, le Google PlayStore et PayPal. Les seules données qu'Apple, Google et PayPal peuvent partager avec nous sont les données sur les transactions et les achats (tels que le numéro de transaction, l'historique des achats). Ces données sont uniquement traitées dans le but de valider les transactions. 
Données collectées par des services d'analyse tiers
À travers certains Services, nous pouvons collecter des données à caractère personnel portant sur vos activités sur des sites web et appareils connectés au cours du temps et sur des sites web, appareils, applications et autres fonctions et services en ligne tiers. Nous pouvons utiliser des services d'analyse tiers dans le cadre des Services. Les données que nous obtenons peuvent être divulguées directement à ces prestataires et aux tiers concernés, ou collectées directement par ces parties, qui les utiliseront par exemple pour évaluer l'utilisation des Services ou faciliter la gestion des Services.
Comment nous utilisons les données que nous collectons
Nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées ci-dessus aux fins suivantes :
[Pour les Utilisateurs et Créateurs]
Vous identifier et vous authentifier et gérer votre compte 
Fournir un Service ou une fonction que vous demandez, notamment pour répondre à vos demandes, questions et instructions introduites via les Services ; 
Réaliser les enquêtes et analyses requises pour l'amélioration du Service ; 
Vous envoyer des données et prix dans le cadre des campagnes et événements ; 
Traiter le paiement et la facturation lorsqu'un utilisateur achète un produit ou utilise un Service qui n'est pas gratuit ; 
Vous fournir des fonctions sur mesure telles que des recommandations basées sur vos pages web les plus fréquemment visitées et du contenu supplémentaire conçu pour correspondre à vos intérêts via l'onglet Intérêt ; 
Vous envoyer des communications par email ou des notifications au sein d'un produit (par exemple notification pop-up, notification push) en lien avec nos Services, conformément aux préférences de communication que vous définissez ; 
Suivre et analyser les tendances, l'utilisation et les activités en lien avec nos produits et services ; 
Créer des données non identifiées, anonymisées ou agrégées ; 
Fournir et protéger un Contenu numérique ; 
Assurer la sécurité des données dans le cadre de nos Services ; 
Identifier, prévenir et se prémunir contre les fraudes et autres activités criminelles, les demandes de réparation et autres cas d'engagement de responsabilité ; 
Générer des données statistiques sur l'utilisation des Services ; 
Assurer et surveiller l'efficacité et la disponibilité des services afin d'améliorer les performances du site web et de l'application ; 
Respecter et faire appliquer les exigences légales applicables, nos obligations légales (notamment en matière fiscale), les normes applicables du secteur ainsi que nos politiques, y compris la présente Politique de protection des données ; 
Valider les transactions et prévenir la fraude et l'utilisation abusive ; 
Répondre à vos demandes d'information et envoyer aux utilisateurs des notifications importantes lorsque nécessaire, et 
Effectuer toute autre activité qui vous a été décrite au moment où les données ont été collectées. 
[Pour les Créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES]
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Fournir des récompenses ou primes ou remettre des prix aux participants à une enquête ou aux participants ou vainqueurs d'un concours ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Vérifier votre identité afin de respecter les lois fédérales applicables ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Mettre le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES à disposition des utilisateurs ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Envoyer des emails portant sur votre travail ou votre utilisation, conformément aux préférences d'email que vous avez définies ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Répondre à vos questions ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Comprendre comment vous utilisez le Service et créer de meilleurs PROGRAMMES DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Générer des données statistiques portant sur l'utilisation de nos Services ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Effectuer des activités de recherche et développement pour améliorer notre PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES et développer de futurs produits ; 
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Respecter et faire appliquer les exigences légales applicables, nos obligations légales (notamment en matière fiscale), les normes applicables du secteur ainsi que nos politiques, y compris la présente Politique de protection des données, et
En plus des fins décrites ci-dessus, nous pouvons utiliser les données collectées sur les créateurs utilisant CANVAS et/ou le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES aux fins suivantes Prévenir la fraude et l'utilisation abusive du PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES et se prémunir de toutes autres activités criminelles, demandes de réparation et autres cas d'engagement de responsabilité.
Partage de données
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. et WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. partagent des données afin de fournir les Services efficacement et dans le respect des lois applicables. Nous divulguons ou partageons des données à caractère personnel vous concernant via les Services comme décrit dans les sections qui suivent Données accessibles au public. Les données pour lesquelles vous avez volontairement accepté qu'elles soient partagées avec le public, peuvent être consultées par toute personne, y compris celles ne disposant pas d'un compte. Ces données peuvent inclure votre pseudonyme, votre photo de profil, votre brève biographie, vos liens vers des réseaux sociaux, votre site web, d'autres données présentes sur votre profil public ainsi que toute information ou contenu que vous partagez avec le public.
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. et WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. partagent des données afin de fournir les Services efficacement et dans le respect des lois applicables. Nous divulguons ou partageons des données à caractère personnel vous concernant via les Services comme décrit dans les sections qui suivent Prestataires de services. Nous pouvons divulguer vos données à des sociétés fournissant des Services pour notre compte, comme des sociétés qui nous aident à développer et à exploiter des systèmes pour le Service avec des centres de contact client, ainsi que des activités de service client et de la publicité (y compris de la publicité personnalisée sur nos sites web, des sites web tiers ou des plateformes en ligne), à réaliser des enquêtes de satisfaction client et des opérations de facturation ou à envoyer des emails pour notre compte. Ces entités sont contractuellement limitées dans leur capacité à utiliser vos données à des fins autres que la fourniture de Services à notre demande.
En agissant en tant que prestataires de services conformément aux lois applicables, ces fournisseurs peuvent avoir accès à vos données à caractère personnel afin de fournir les services et/ou de se conformer aux obligations découlant des relations juridiques qui existent entre les tiers susmentionnés et nous. Dans tous les cas, nous avons signé les accords de confidentialité et de protection des données correspondants avec ces prestataires de services, en totale conformité avec la législation actuelle sur la protection des données. 
Partenaires de paiement. Nos partenaires de paiement collectent et traitent des données liées aux paiements et achats à des fins de traitement des paiements et de lutte contre la fraude. 
Autres parties en cas d'exigence légale ou de nécessité pour la protection de nos Services. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons divulguer vos données à d'autres parties pour nous conformer aux lois ou à une procédure judiciaire obligatoire (par exemple mandat de perquisition ou autre injonction judiciaire) ; 
Autres parties en cas d'exigence légale ou de nécessité pour la protection de nos Services. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons divulguer vos données à d'autres parties pour vérifier ou imposer la conformité aux politiques qui régissent nos Services ; et
Autres parties en cas d'exigence légale ou de nécessité pour la protection de nos Services. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons divulguer vos données à d'autres parties pour protéger nos droits, nos biens ou notre sécurité ou, conformément aux lois sur la protection des données, l'une de nos filiales respectives, partenaires commerciaux ou clients.
Autres parties en cas d'exigence légale ou de nécessité pour la protection de nos Services. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons divulguer vos données à d'autres parties Autres parties en lien avec des transactions. Nous pouvons divulguer vos données à un tiers dans le cadre d'une fusion ou d'une cession, d'une acquisition ou d'une vente, ou en cas de faillite.
Autres parties en cas d'exigence légale ou de nécessité pour la protection de nos Services. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons divulguer vos données à d'autres parties Autres parties avec votre consentement ou à votre demande. En plus des cas de divulgation décrits dans la présente Politique de protection des données, nous pouvons partager des données vous concernant avec des tiers lorsque vous acceptez ou demandez séparément ce partage.
Autres parties en cas d'exigence légale ou de nécessité pour la protection de nos Services. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons divulguer vos données à d'autres parties Liens vers d'autres sites web, appareils, applications et fonctions. Le Service peut vous donner la possibilité de vous connecter à d'autres sites web, appareils, applications et fonctions, dont le fonctionnement peut nous être indépendant et être soumis à leurs propres déclarations ou politiques de protection des données, que nous vous conseillons vivement de consulter. Dans la mesure où tout autre site web lié, appareil, application ou autre fonction n'est pas notre propriété ou échappe à notre contrôle, nous ne sommes pas responsables de son contenu, de son utilisation ou de ses pratiques en matière de protection des données.
Conservation des données à caractère personnel
Nous prenons des mesures appropriées pour garantir que nous traitons et conservons les données vous concernant selon la logique suivante pendant la durée minimale pendant laquelle les données sont utilisées pour vous fournir un service ; 
Nous prenons des mesures appropriées pour garantir que nous traitons et conservons les données vous concernant selon la logique suivante en application des lois, d'un contrat ou en lien avec nos obligations légales (par exemple en matière fiscale) ; ou
Nous prenons des mesures appropriées pour garantir que nous traitons et conservons les données vous concernant selon la logique suivante uniquement pendant la durée requise pour les finalités pour lesquelles les données ont été collectées, sont traitées, ou plus longtemps en application d'un contrat, de lois applicables, ou sous forme anonymisée, à des fins statistiques, avec les garanties appropriées.
Nous ne conservons donc vos données à caractère personnel qu'aussi longtemps que nous en avons besoin pour les finalités pour lesquelles nous les collectons et pour nous conformer à des exigences juridiques, financières, commerciales ou de déclaratives. Lorsque nous n'avons plus besoin des données à caractère personnel, nous les supprimons ou détruisons de manière sécurisée. Une fois ces finalités réalisées, vos données à caractère personnel seront supprimées ou détruites de manière sécurisée. 
Nous continuons néanmoins à stocker les données collectées après cette date jusqu'à l'expiration de toute obligation juridique en découlant. 
Vos droits
Vos données à caractère personnel vous appartiennent. En fonction du territoire dans lequel vous résidez, vous pouvez nous demander des données détaillées sur les données que nous avons collectées et nous demander de rectifier toute inexactitude. Plus précisément, vos droits sont les suivants votre droit d'accès : vous avez le droit de nous demander si nous utilisons ou stockons vos données à caractère personnel. Vous pouvez aussi nous demander des copies de vos données à caractère personnel.
Vos données à caractère personnel vous appartiennent. En fonction du territoire dans lequel vous résidez, vous pouvez nous demander des données détaillées sur les données que nous avons collectées et nous demander de rectifier toute inexactitude. Plus précisément, vos droits sont les suivants votre droit de rectification : vous avez le droit de nous demander de rectifier toute information que vous jugez inexacte. Vous avez aussi le droit de compléter les données que vous pensez être incomplètes.
Vos données à caractère personnel vous appartiennent. En fonction du territoire dans lequel vous résidez, vous pouvez nous demander des données détaillées sur les données que nous avons collectées et nous demander de rectifier toute inexactitude. Plus précisément, vos droits sont les suivants votre droit de suppression : vous avez le droit de nous demander de supprimer vos données à caractère personnel dans les circonstances suivantes : nous n'avons plus besoin de vos données à caractère personnel, vous avez initialement consenti à l'utilisation de vos données à caractère personnel, mais vous avez ensuite retiré votre consentement, vous vous êtes opposé à l'utilisation de vos données à caractère personnel et vos intérêts prévalent sur ceux de notre société, nous avons collecté ou utilisé vos données à caractère personnel de manière illicite, et/ou nous avons l'obligation légale de supprimer vos données à caractère personnel.
Vos données à caractère personnel vous appartiennent. En fonction du territoire dans lequel vous résidez, vous pouvez nous demander des données détaillées sur les données que nous avons collectées et nous demander de rectifier toute inexactitude. Plus précisément, vos droits sont les suivants votre droit de limiter le traitement : vous avez le droit de nous demander de limiter le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel dans les circonstances suivantes : vous avez contesté l'exactitude de vos données à caractère personnel, vous vous êtes opposé à l'utilisation de vos données à caractère personnel, nous avons traité vos données à caractère personnel de manière illicite sans que vous souhaitiez les supprimer, et/ou nous n'avons plus besoin de vos données à caractère personnel mais vous souhaitez que nous les conservions afin de défendre ou d'exercer des droits en justice.
Vos données à caractère personnel vous appartiennent. En fonction du territoire dans lequel vous résidez, vous pouvez nous demander des données détaillées sur les données que nous avons collectées et nous demander de rectifier toute inexactitude. Plus précisément, vos droits sont les suivants votre droit de vous opposer au traitement : vous avez le droit de vous opposer au traitement de vos données à caractère personnel si nous utilisons vos données à caractère personnel pour une tâche réalisée dans l'intérêt public, nos intérêts légitimes, des fins de recherche scientifique ou historique ou des fins statistiques, ou du marketing direct.
Vos données à caractère personnel vous appartiennent. En fonction du territoire dans lequel vous résidez, vous pouvez nous demander des données détaillées sur les données que nous avons collectées et nous demander de rectifier toute inexactitude. Plus précisément, vos droits sont les suivants votre droit à la portabilité des données : ce droit s'applique aux données à caractère personnel que vous nous avez fournies, dans le cas où le traitement est automatisé, basé sur votre consentement ou effectué dans le cadre d'un contrat. Vous avez le droit de nous demander, si cela est possible techniquement, de transférer vos données à caractère personnel à une autre organisation ou de vous les communiquer directement sous un format accessible et lisible par machine.
Vous avez aussi le droit de retirer votre consentement : à tout moment si le traitement est basé sur votre consentement, sans affecter la légalité du traitement basé sur votre consentement avant ce retrait. 
Vous avez le droit d'introduire une réclamation auprès d'une autorité de contrôle : vous pouvez introduire une réclamation auprès de l'autorité de contrôle compétente si vous considérez que notre traitement de vos données à caractère personnel enfreint les lois applicables. 
Exercer vos droits et possibilités de choix
Si vous souhaitez exercer les droits susmentionnés ou introduire une demande, veuillez nous contacter comme indiqué à la section Nous contacter (section 10 de la présente Politique de protection des données). Toutefois, si la loi l'autorise, nous pouvons vous facturer un certain montant pour mettre cette possibilité à votre disposition. Dans le respect des lois applicables, nous pouvons refuser de traiter des requêtes dont le caractère répété est déraisonnable, qui requièrent des efforts techniques disproportionnés, mettent en danger la vie privée d'autrui ou dont l'accès n'est pas requis par les lois locales.
Vous pouvez accéder à vos données à caractère personnel stockées par nos soins ou les corriger à tout moment via la page « Compte » ou « Profil de créateur ».
Vous pouvez nous demander de supprimer vos données à caractère personnel en supprimant votre compte à tout moment. Si vous avez des séries publiées sur CANVAS, vous devez d'abord les supprimer avant de supprimer votre compte. Après la suppression de votre compte, votre profil de compte et votre historique d'abonnement seront définitivement supprimés et ne pourront plus être récupérés. Toute information de nature fiscale que vous nous avez envoyée sera conservée pendant une certaine période, conformément aux lois et réglementations fiscales.
Si vous souhaitez modifier vos préférences en matière de communication (notamment les communications marketing), vous pouvez procéder à ces modifications depuis la page « Compte » ou « Paramètres ». Vous pouvez aussi vous désabonner de nos communications et démarchages commerciaux par email à tout moment en cliquant sur le bouton « Se désabonner » en bas de l'email.
Vous pouvez gérer l'utilisation des cookies optionnels en cliquant sur la solution « Paramètres de cookies » qui s'affiche lorsque vous ouvrez l'application/visitez le site web et à tout moment via les Paramètres de cookies. Pour en savoir plus sur la manière dont nous utilisons les cookies que nous collectons, veuillez consulter notre Politique de Cookies. Vous pouvez également limiter ou désactiver certains types de cookies en vous rendant sur les sites website_url_lnk ou website_url_lnk
Comment nous protégeons vos données à caractère personnel
Nous prenons au sérieux la protection de vos données et mettons en œuvre des mesures de sécurité pour protéger les données que nous collectons en lien avec les Services. La transmission de données par Internet n'est pas totalement sécurisée. Bien que nous fassions tout notre possible pour protéger vos données à caractère personnel, nous ne pouvons pas garantir la sécurité des données que vous nous transmettez. Dans les limites autorisées par les lois applicables, nous rejetons toute forme de responsabilité en cas de divulgation de vos données occasionnées par des erreurs de transmission, à un accès non autorisé par des tiers ou à d'autres causes échappant à notre contrôle.
Vous jouez un rôle important dans le maintien de la sécurité de vos données. Vous ne devez pas partager votre nom d'utilisateur ou le mot de passe de votre compte avec d'autres personnes. Si vous avez des raisons de croire que votre compte n'est plus sécurisé, veuillez nous contacter immédiatement.
Données à caractère personnel des mineurs
Les Services sont conçus pour un public général. Si le consentement d'un parent (ou représentant légal) est requis pour traiter les données à caractère personnel d'un mineur conformément aux lois applicables, nous traitons ces données après l'obtention du consentement du parent (ou représentant légal), dans le respect de la procédure juridique requise.
Nous contacter
Vous pouvez envoyer toute question, préoccupation ou demande concernant les Politiques de traitement de vos données à caractère personnel à notre service de gestion des données à caractère personnel à l'adresse suivante : Customer Care. 
Vous pouvez nous contacter en envoyant un email à notre Délégué à la Protection des Données à l'adresse suivante : dpo@webtoonscorp.com 
Dans tous les cas, vous pouvez nous contacter par écrit aux coordonnées suivantes. 
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. 
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
République de Corée 
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. et WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. menant des actions conjointes lorsque nécessaire pour se conformer à vos droits, demandes ou réclamations, vous pouvez nous contacter auprès de WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. wEBTOON Entertainment Inc.
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
USA 
Liens vers d'autres sites web
Vous trouverez sur nos sites web ou dans le contenu que nous vous fournissons (par emails promotionnels ou lors d'événements) des hyperliens pour accéder aux sites web d'autres organisations. Notez bien que la présente Politique de protection des données ne régit pas la manière dont d'autres sociétés traitent vos données à caractère personnel. Nous vous recommandons de lire les politiques de protection des données qui s'appliquent aux autres sites web.
Mises à jour de notre Politique de protection des données
La présente Politique de protection des données peut être mise à jour pour refléter les modifications de nos pratiques de gestion des données à caractère personnel en lien avec le Service, ou toute évolution des lois applicables. Nous publierons un avis sur notre Service pour vous avertir au préalable des changements importants apportés à notre Politique de protection des données et indiquerons dans l'en-tête de l'avis la date de la dernière mise à jour.
Divulgation de données au niveau régional
Pour les résidents de l'Espace Économique Européen (EEE)
Cette section complète la Politique de protection des données de WEBTOON et s'applique uniquement aux résidents de l'Espace Économique Européen (EEE). 
Comment nous utilisons les données que nous collectons 
Le tableau ci-dessous communique des données sur les finalités pour lesquelles nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel, les catégories de données à caractère personnel que nous traitons ainsi que le fondement juridique des activités de traitement que nous effectuons. 
Finalité. Catégories de données à caractère personnel. Fondement juridique 
Vous identifier, vous authentifier et gérer votre compte ; 
Fournir un Service ou une fonction que vous avez demandés, par exemple répondre aux demandes, questions et instructions introduites via les Services ; 
Vous envoyer des données et récompenses pour les campagnes et événements ; 
Traiter le paiement et la facturation lorsqu'un utilisateur achète un produit ou utilise un Service qui n'est pas gratuit ; 
Vous envoyer des communications par email ou des notifications au sein d'un produit (par exemple notification pop-up, notification push) en lien avec nos Services, conformément aux préférences de communication que vous définissez ; 
Répondre à vos demandes d'information et envoyer aux utilisateurs des notifications importantes lorsque nécessaire ; 
Fournir des récompenses ou primes ou remettre des prix aux participants à une enquête ou aux participants ou vainqueurs d'un concours ; 
Mettre le PROGRAMME DE PARTAGE DES REVENUS PUBLICITAIRES à disposition des utilisateurs ; 
Envoyer des emails portant sur votre travail ou votre utilisation, conformément aux préférences d'email que vous avez définies ; 
Répondre à vos questions.. Données de contact 
Données de compte 
Données liées au Service Client 
Information de l'image 
Identifiants 
Données de profil des Créateurs 
Identifiant PayPal 
Identifiant Patreon 
Identifiant uTip 
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires Données de profil WEBTOON TRANSLATE Données liées à une candidature comme chef d'équipe WEBTOON TRANSLATE
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires Données de profil WEBTOON TRANSLATE Cookies
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires Données de profil WEBTOON TRANSLATE Données sur l'utilisation des Services
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires Données de profil WEBTOON TRANSLATE Données portant sur l'organisation de concours et/ou opérations promotionnelles Données sur les appareils et données de connexion
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires Données de profil WEBTOON TRANSLATE Données portant sur l'organisation de concours et/ou opérations promotionnelles Détails des transactions et achats. Pour mettre nos services à votre disposition, exécuter un contrat ou prendre des mesures liées à un contrat (Art. 6(1)(b))
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires Données de profil WEBTOON TRANSLATE Détails des transactions et achats. Pour mettre nos services à votre disposition, exécuter un contrat ou prendre des mesures liées à un contrat (Art. 6(1)(b))
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires Détails des transactions et achats. Pour mettre nos services à votre disposition, exécuter un contrat ou prendre des mesures liées à un contrat (Art. 6(1)(b))
Réaliser les enquêtes et analyses requises pour l'amélioration du Service ; 
Vous fournir des fonctions sur mesure telles que des recommandations basées sur vos pages web les plus fréquemment visitées et du contenu supplémentaire conçu pour correspondre à vos intérêts via l'onglet Intérêt ; 
Vous envoyer des communications par email ou des notifications au sein d'un produit (par exemple notification pop-up, notification push) en lien avec nos Services, conformément aux préférences de communication que vous définissez ; 
Identifier, prévenir et protéger contre la fraude et les autres activités criminelles, les demandes de réparation et les autres obligations ; 
Assurer et surveiller l'efficacité et la disponibilité des services afin d'améliorer les performances du site web et de l'application ; 
Générer des données statistiques portant sur l'utilisation des services, et 
Respecter et faire appliquer les normes applicables du secteur ainsi que nos politiques, y compris la présente Politique de protection des données ;. Données de contact 
Données de compte 
Données liées à des enquêtes 
Information de l'image 
Données de profil des Créateurs 
Données de profil WEBTOON TRANSLATE 
Cookies 
Données sur l'utilisation des Services 
Données portant sur l'organisation de concours et/ou opérations promotionnelles Données sur les appareils et données de connexion
Données portant sur l'organisation de concours et/ou opérations promotionnelles Détails des transactions et achats
Données portant sur l'organisation de concours et/ou opérations promotionnelles Données de services d'analyse tiers. Lorsque cela est nécessaire pour protéger nos intérêts légitimes à exercer nos activités et à améliorer nos Services (Art. 6(1)(f))
Déposer des cookies et utiliser des technologies similaires conformément à notre Politique de Cookies et aux données qui vous sont communiquées lorsque ces technologies sont utilisées ; 
Vous envoyer des communications par email portant sur les mises à jour des services, les actualités et les événements ; 
À d'autres occasions, lorsque nous demandons votre consentement, nous utilisons les données pour la finalité expliquée à ce moment.. Données de compte 
Cookies 
Données sur l'utilisation des Services. Si vous avez donné votre consentement (Art. 6(1)(a)) 
Respecter et faire appliquer les exigences légales applicables ; et 
Répondre aux demandes de l'administration ou des autorités chargées du maintien de l'ordre.. Date de naissance 
Données sur le paiement des revenus publicitaires 
Toutes les catégories données à caractère personnel requises par les lois.. Lorsque les lois l'exigent (Art. 6(1)(c)) 
Transfert international de données 
En outre, votre utilisation des Services peut impliquer le transfert, le stockage et le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel dans d'autres pays. L'on retrouve notamment parmi ces pays, et de manière non exhaustive, les pays de l'Espace Économique Européen, les États-Unis, le Japon, la Thaïlande, l'Indonésie, Taïwan, les Philippines et la République de Corée. Nous prendrons toutes les mesures appropriées, conformément aux lois applicables, pour assurer la protection de vos données à caractère personnel. Ces mesures comprennent par exemple l'utilisation des Clauses contractuelles types de la Commission européenne, lorsque celles-ci sont applicables, afin de sécuriser le transfert de données hors de l'EEE et la demande de votre consentement explicite. Par ailleurs, la Commission européenne reconnaît que certains pays et territoires situés hors de l'EEE assurent un niveau de protection adéquat des données à caractère personnel, par le biais de décisions auxquelles il est fait référence par l'expression « décisions d'adéquation ». Lorsque nous transférons des données à caractère personnel depuis l'EEE vers des pays tiers qui ont obtenu ces décisions d'adéquation, nous ne sommes pas obligés de mettre en place des mécanismes alternatifs pour légitimer le transfert (tels que des clauses contractuelles types). Pour demander des données supplémentaires ou obtenir une copie des accords contractuels ou autres mesures de protection mises en place, veuillez nous contacter. Voir la section Nous contacter ci-dessus. 
Prise de décision automatisée 
Nous ne prenons pas de décision pouvant vous affecter sur la seule base du traitement automatisé de vos données à caractère personnel. Toutes les procédures de prise de décision liées aux finalités de traitement susmentionnées sont effectuées avec une intervention humaine. 
Données à caractère personnel des mineurs 
Avant que vous puissiez utiliser nos services, nous vous demandons de nous communiquer des données sur votre âge pour nous aider à respecter les lois sur la protection des données. Plus spécifiquement, nous vous demandons votre date de naissance afin de déterminer si vous êtes ou non autorisé à utiliser les services, ou si nous devons obtenir le consentement parental vérifiable d'un de vos parents, ou de la personne détentrice de l'autorité légale, avant de vous autoriser à accéder aux services ou à les utiliser. Si le consentement parental des parents ou responsables légaux de l'utilisateur est requis, nous obtenons ce consentement avant de traiter les données à caractère personnel de mineurs. 
Vos droits 
Vous trouverez les coordonnées de contact de toutes les autorités de contrôle de l'Union Européenne à l'adresse website_url_lnk 
Lorsque le droit français en matière de protection des données est applicable, vous avez également le droit de définir des directives pour la conservation et la communication de vos données à caractère personnel après votre décès. 
Délégué européen à la protection des données 
Vous pouvez nous contacter en envoyant un email à notre délégué européen à la protection des données à l'adresse suivante : eu_representative@navercorp.com
POKOK-POKOK KEBIJAKAN PRIVASI WEBTOON INDONESIA
Terakhir Diperbarui: 27 Juni, 2023.
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. (termasuk afiliasinya, selanjutnya bersama-sama disebut sebagai "kami", "milik kami", atau "kita") menghormati kekhawatiran Anda tentang privasi. Kebijakan Privasi ini berlaku untuk informasi pribadi yang kami kumpulkan melalui aplikasi WEBTOON dan/atau situs web dan KANVAS (secara kolektif disebut "Layanan").
RINGKASAN KEBIJAKAN PRIVASI
Dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini, kami menjelaskan jenis informasi pribadi yang kami proses melalui Layanan, cara kami menggunakan informasi tersebut, dengan siapa kami dapat membagikannya, dan pilihan yang tersedia bagi Anda terkait penggunaan informasi dan pelaksanaan hak Anda. Kami juga menjelaskan langkah-langkah yang kami ambil untuk mengamankan informasi dan memberi tahu Anda cara menghubungi kami tentang praktik privasi kami. Di bawah ini Anda akan menemukan ringkasan pesan-pesan utama yang terkandung dalam Kebijakan Privasi milik kami. Untuk informasi lebih rinci tentang bagaimana kami memproses informasi Anda, silakan klik judul atau lanjutkan membaca di bawah ini.
Pengontrol Data 
Informasi yang Kami Kumpulkan 
Bagaimana Kami Menggunakan Informasi yang Kami Kumpulkan 
Berbagi Informasi 
Penyimpanan Informasi Pribadi 
Hak Anda 
Menjalankan Hak dan Pilihan Anda 
Bagaimana Kami Melindungi Informasi Pribadi 
Informasi Pribadi Anak 
Hubungi Kami 
Tautan ke Situs Web Lain 
Pembaruan Kebijakan Privasi Kami 
KEBIJAKAN PRIVASI WEBTOON INDONESIA
Pengontrol Data
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. dan WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. berbagi kendali bersama untuk memproses informasi pribadi dan berbagi informasi sebagai pengontrol bersama atas informasi pribadi Anda untuk menyediakan Layanan secara efisien dan sesuai dengan hukum yang berlaku.
Dalam hal apapun, Anda dapat menghubungi kami secara tertulis di alamat berikut nAVER WEBTOON Ltd.
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republik Korea. 
atau 
WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
Amerika Serikat 
Informasi yang Kami Kumpulkan
Informasi pribadi berikut ini dikumpulkan sehubungan dengan Layanan
Informasi yang Anda berikan secara langsung
Saat Anda menggunakan Layanan kami, Anda dapat memberi kami informasi pribadi Anda setelah diberi tahu tentang informasi pribadi pada saat pengumpulan. Misalnya Tanggal Lahir: Saat Anda mengakses Layanan kami, kami dapat meminta tanggal lahir Anda untuk memverifikasi usia Anda tergantung pada yurisdiksi Anda.
Saat Anda menggunakan Layanan kami, Anda dapat memberi kami informasi pribadi Anda setelah diberi tahu tentang informasi pribadi pada saat pengumpulan. Misalnya Informasi kontak: Ketika pengguna dianggap sebagai anak sesuai dengan hukum yang berlaku di yurisdiksi pengguna, kami dapat memerlukan nama pengguna dan alamat surel wali yang sah untuk mendapatkan persetujuan wali yang sah tergantung pada yurisdiksi Anda. Selain itu, saat Anda berpartisipasi dalam acara atau promosi kami, kami dapat meminta nama, nomor telepon, alamat, alamat surel, dan informasi lain yang diperlukan untuk mengirimkan hadiah dan untuk menanggapi pertanyaan.
Saat Anda menggunakan Layanan kami, Anda dapat memberi kami informasi pribadi Anda setelah diberi tahu tentang informasi pribadi pada saat pengumpulan. Misalnya Informasi akun: Saat Anda membuat akun sendiri dan masuk ke akun Anda, kami dapat memerlukan nama panggilan, alamat surel, dan kata sandi Anda. Selain itu, saat Anda masuk ke akun pihak ketiga atau ke profil Anda bersama kami, kami dapat meminta informasi seperti nama panggilan atau foto profil.
Saat Anda menggunakan Layanan kami, Anda dapat memberi kami informasi pribadi Anda setelah diberi tahu tentang informasi pribadi pada saat pengumpulan. Misalnya Informasi survei: Saat Anda berpartisipasi dalam survei atau jajak pendapat kami, kami dapat meminta nama, nomor telepon, jenis kelamin, dan informasi lain yang dapat diperlukan secara wajar untuk melakukan survei atau pendapat dan memberikan hadiah.
Saat Anda menggunakan Layanan kami, Anda dapat memberi kami informasi pribadi Anda setelah diberi tahu tentang informasi pribadi pada saat pengumpulan. Misalnya Saat Anda menggunakan TOON FILTER, kami akan mengumpulkan foto dan informasi terkait foto tersebut, termasuk mengidentifikasi objek dan latar belakang yang muncul, serta bentuk dan posisi fitur wajah dan tubuh yang nampak dalam foto. Informasi ini tidak terhubung dengan akun Anda dan hanya digunakan untuk mengaktifkan TOON FILTER serta mendeteksi gambar yang tidak pantas. Mohon diingat bahwa kami tidak menggunakan informasi ini untuk mengidentifikasi individu secara spesifik untuk keperluan peningkatan teknologi kami.
Saat Anda menggunakan Layanan kami, Anda dapat memberi kami informasi pribadi Anda setelah diberi tahu tentang informasi pribadi pada saat pengumpulan. Misalnya Informasi Layanan Pelanggan: Untuk memberikan tanggapan saat Anda menghubungi Layanan Pelanggan kami, kami dapat mengumpulkan informasi apa pun yang Anda pilih untuk diberikan, seperti permintaan atau pertanyaan Anda. Saat Anda berkomunikasi dengan staf Layanan Pelanggan kami atau orang lain, komunikasi Anda akan dikirimkan melalui sistem kami melalui alamat surel Anda.
Saat Anda menggunakan Layanan kami, Anda dapat memberi kami informasi pribadi Anda setelah diberi tahu tentang informasi pribadi pada saat pengumpulan. Misalnya Pengidentifikasi seperti pengidentifikasi pribadi unik (seperti pengidentifikasi perangkat (misalnya, cookie, beacon, pixel tag), pengidentifikasi iklan seluler dan teknologi serupa, nomor pelanggan, nama samaran unik, atau alias pengguna, nomor telepon dan bentuk pengenal tetap atau probabilistik lainnya), pengenal online, alamat Protokol Internet, pengidentifikasi serupa lainnya.
[Untuk Kreator]
Saat Anda menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN, kami dapat perlu mengumpulkan informasi tambahan berikut Informasi Profil Kreator: Kami dapat meminta informasi yang telah Anda bagikan secara sukarela kepada publik melalui halaman Profil Kreator Anda, termasuk foto profil, biodata, tautan media sosial, situs web, dan lainnya.
Saat Anda menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN, kami dapat perlu mengumpulkan informasi tambahan berikut Kami dapat meminta agar ID PayPal atau ID Patreon Anda ditautkan ke Layanan.
Saat Anda menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN, kami dapat perlu mengumpulkan informasi tambahan berikut Kami dapat meminta ID uTip Anda untuk memberikan hadiah atau bonus.
Saat Anda menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN, kami dapat perlu mengumpulkan informasi tambahan berikut Informasi Pembagian Pendapatan Iklan: Jika Anda memilih untuk memberikan akun PayPal Anda, kami dapat meminta informasi tambahan seperti Nama Anda (Nama Resmi/Alias Bisnis), Nama Lengkap/Nama Bisnis, Negara, Tempat Tinggal, Alamat, Kode Pos, E- surat, Tanda Tangan dan Identitas Pajak (atau Nomor Jaminan Sosial bila berlaku) untuk tujuan pemrosesan pajak.
[Untuk Pengguna WEBTOON TRANSLATE]
Saat Anda menggunakan WEBTOON TRANSLATE, kami dapat perlu mengumpulkan informasi tambahan berikut Informasi profil: Kami dapat mengumpulkan informasi yang telah Anda bagikan secara sukarela kepada publik melalui halaman profil Anda, termasuk foto profil, nama panggilan, URL situs pengguna, lokasi, dan bahasa pilihan Anda.
Saat Anda menggunakan WEBTOON TRANSLATE, kami dapat perlu mengumpulkan informasi tambahan berikut Informasi aplikasi manajer tim: Jika Anda melamar sebagai manajer tim, kami dapat meminta URL "Profil Saya" Anda, bahasa pilihan Anda, dan pengalaman penerjemahan lainnya.
Informasi dikumpulkan melalui cookie dan teknologi serupa
Kami dan pihak ketiga dapat menggunakan cookie, web beacon, pixel, tag, dan teknologi pelacakan lainnya (yang akan kami rujuk secara kolektif sebagai "cookie") untuk membantu kita mengumpulkan informasi statistik guna meningkatkan pengalaman Anda dengan Layanan, menyimpan preferensi, dan untuk memberi Anda penawaran. Cookie ini dapat digunakan untuk melacak Anda di seluruh perangkat dan situs web dari waktu ke waktu. Sebagian besar browser web menerima cookie dan ID sesi secara otomatis, tetapi Anda dapat menonaktifkan cookie dengan membuat pilihan yang sesuai dari opsi browser Anda atau melalui Pengaturan Cookie. Perhatikan bahwa dengan melakukan itu, fungsionalitas Layanan kami dapat terbatas.
Untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut tentang bagaimana kami menggunakan cookie yang dikumpulkan, silakan lihat Kebijakan Cookie kami. Untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut tentang cookie, termasuk cara melihat cookie apa yang telah disetel, kunjungi website_url_lnk atau website_url_lnk
Informasi tentang penggunaan layanan Anda
Selain informasi yang Anda berikan, kami akan mengumpulkan informasi tentang penggunaan Layanan kami oleh Anda melalui perangkat lunak di perangkat Anda dan dengan cara lain. Kami akan mengumpulkan Informasi penggunaan layanan: interaksi Anda dengan Layanan, tanggal dan waktu penggunaan Layanan dan informasi penggunaan Layanan apa pun seperti membaca preferensi genre, komentar atau suka, saldo Koin dan Pas Gratis, informasi komersial termasuk riwayat pembelian dan transaksi, tampilan terkini , riwayat langganan, riwayat unduhan, dan acara, promosi, dan/atau partisipasi kontes; 
Selain informasi yang Anda berikan, kami akan mengumpulkan informasi tentang penggunaan Layanan kami oleh Anda melalui perangkat lunak di perangkat Anda dan dengan cara lain. Kami akan mengumpulkan Informasi yang berkaitan dengan penyelenggaraan kontes dan/atau operasi promosi apa pun: tanggal partisipasi, tanggapan terhadap kontes, dan sifat hadiah yang ditawarkan; 
Selain informasi yang Anda berikan, kami akan mengumpulkan informasi tentang penggunaan Layanan kami oleh Anda melalui perangkat lunak di perangkat Anda dan dengan cara lain. Kami akan mengumpulkan Informasi Perangkat dan Log: Informasi Perangkat dan Log seperti model perangkat, versi OS, alamat IP, pengaturan perangkat, informasi negara berdasarkan alamat IP, URL, dan jenis jaringan; dan
Selain informasi yang Anda berikan, kami akan mengumpulkan informasi tentang penggunaan Layanan kami oleh Anda melalui perangkat lunak di perangkat Anda dan dengan cara lain. Kami akan mengumpulkan Perincian Transaksi / Pembelian: kami tidak mengumpulkan atau memproses perincian pembayaran apa pun tentang Anda (misalnya, perincian kartu kredit). Informasi tersebut hanya dikumpulkan dan diproses melalui App Store Apple, Google Play Store, dan PayPal. Satu-satunya informasi yang dapat dibagikan oleh Apple, Google, dan PayPal kepada kami adalah rincian transaksi dan pembelian (mis., nomor transaksi, riwayat pembelian). Informasi tersebut hanya diproses untuk memvalidasi transaksi.
Informasi dikumpulkan melalui Analitik Pihak ke-3
Melalui Layanan tertentu, kami dapat mengumpulkan informasi pribadi tentang aktivitas online Anda di situs web dan perangkat yang terhubung dari waktu ke waktu dan di seluruh situs web, perangkat, aplikasi, serta fitur dan layanan online pihak ketiga lainnya. Kami dapat menggunakan layanan analitik pihak ketiga di Layanan. Informasi yang kami peroleh dapat diungkapkan atau dikumpulkan secara langsung oleh penyedia ini dan pihak ketiga terkait lainnya yang menggunakan informasi tersebut, misalnya, untuk mengevaluasi penggunaan Layanan atau membantu mengelola Layanan.
Bagaimana Kami Menggunakan Informasi yang Kami Kumpulkan
Kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan di atas untuk tujuan berikut [Untuk Pengguna dan Kreator]
Mengidentifikasi dan mengautentikasi Anda dan mengelola akun Anda 
Menyediakan Layanan atau fitur yang Anda minta, seperti menanggapi permintaan, pertanyaan, dan instruksi Anda yang dibuat melalui Layanan; 
Melakukan survei dan analisis yang diperlukan untuk meningkatkan Layanan; 
Mengirimkan kepada Anda informasi dan hadiah untuk kampanye dan acara; 
Memproses pembayaran dan penagihan saat pengguna membeli produk atau menggunakan Layanan yang tidak gratis; 
Memberi Anda fungsi yang disesuaikan seperti rekomendasi berdasarkan halaman web yang paling sering Anda kunjungi dan konten tambahan yang disesuaikan dengan minat Anda melalui tab Minat; 
Mengirimkan kepada Anda komunikasi melalui surel atau notifikasi dalam produk (misalkan, notifikasi pop-up, notifikasi push) sehubungan dengan Layanan kami sebagaimana dikendalikan oleh preferensi komunikasi Anda; 
Memantau dan menganalisis tren, penggunaan, dan aktivitas sehubungan dengan produk dan layanan kami; 
Membuat informasi yang tidak teridentifikasi, dianonimkan, atau dikumpulkan; 
Memberikan dan melindungi Konten Digital; 
Memastikan keamanan informasi Layanan kami; 
Melindungi, mengidentifikasi, dan mencegah penipuan dan kegiatan kriminal lainnya, klaim, dan kerugian lainnya; 
Menghasilkan data statistik yang berkaitan dengan penggunaan Layanan; 
Memastikan dan memantau keefektifan dan ketersediaan layanan untuk meningkatkan kinerja situs web dan aplikasi; 
Mematuhi dan menegakkan persyaratan hukum yang berlaku, kewajiban hukum kami (misalnya, undang-undang perpajakan), standar industri yang relevan, dan kebijakan kami, termasuk Kebijakan Privasi ini; 
Validasi transaksi dan cegah penipuan dan penyalahgunaan; 
Menanggapi pertanyaan Anda dan mengirimkan pemberitahuan penting kepada pengguna bila diperlukan; dan 
Melaksanakan tujuan lain yang dijelaskan kepada Anda pada saat informasi dikumpulkan. 
[Untuk Kreator yang menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN]
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Memberikan hadiah, bonus, atau mengirimkan hadiah kepada peserta survei, peserta kontes, atau pemenang; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Verifikasi identitas Anda untuk mematuhi undang-undang federal yang berlaku; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Menyediakan PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN kepada pengguna; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Mengirim surel yang relevan dengan pekerjaan atau penggunaan Anda, seperti yang dikontrol oleh preferensi surel Anda; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Membalas pertanyaan Anda; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Memahami cara Anda menggunakan Layanan dan membuat PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN yang lebih baik; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Menghasilkan data statistik yang berkaitan dengan penggunaan Layanan; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Melakukan penelitian dan pengembangan untuk meningkatkan PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN dan mengembangkan produk masa depan; 
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Mematuhi dan menegakkan persyaratan hukum yang berlaku, kewajiban hukum kami (misalnya, undang-undang perpajakan), standar industri yang relevan, dan kebijakan kami, termasuk Kebijakan Privasi ini; dan
Selain tujuan di atas, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan tentang kreator menggunakan KANVAS dan/atau PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN untuk tujuan tambahan berikut Mencegah penipuan dan penyalahgunaan PROGRAM PEMBAGIAN PENDAPATAN IKLAN dan mencegah aktivitas, klaim, dan kewajiban kriminal lainnya.
Berbagi Informasi
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. dan WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. berbagi informasi sebagai pengontrol bersama atas informasi pribadi Anda kapan pun diperlukan untuk menyediakan Layanan secara efisien dan sesuai dengan hukum yang berlaku. Kami mengungkapkan atau membagikan informasi pribadi tentang Anda melalui Layanan sebagaimana dijelaskan berikut ini Informasi yang Tersedia untuk Publik. Informasi yang Anda daftarkan secara sukarela untuk dibagikan kepada publik dapat dilihat oleh siapa saja, termasuk mereka yang tidak memiliki akun. Ini dapat termasuk nama panggilan Anda, gambar profil, biografi singkat, tautan media sosial, situs web, informasi lain di profil publik Anda, dan informasi atau konten apa pun yang Anda bagikan dengan audiensi publik.
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. dan WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. berbagi informasi sebagai pengontrol bersama atas informasi pribadi Anda kapan pun diperlukan untuk menyediakan Layanan secara efisien dan sesuai dengan hukum yang berlaku. Kami mengungkapkan atau membagikan informasi pribadi tentang Anda melalui Layanan sebagaimana dijelaskan berikut ini Penyedia jasa. Kami dapat mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada perusahaan yang menyediakan Layanan atas nama kami, seperti perusahaan yang membantu kami mengembangkan dan mengoperasikan sistem untuk Layanan dengan pusat kontak pelanggan, serta aktivitas layanan pelanggan, iklan (termasuk iklan yang disesuaikan di situs web kami, situs web pihak ketiga, atau platform online), melakukan survei kepuasan pelanggan, penagihan atau yang mengirimkan surel atas nama kami. Entitas ini dibatasi oleh ketentuan kontrak dalam kemampuan mereka untuk menggunakan informasi Anda untuk tujuan selain menyediakan Layanan bagi kami.
Bertindak sebagai penyedia layanan sesuai dengan peraturan hukum, pemasok tersebut dapat memiliki akses ke informasi pribadi Anda untuk menyediakan layanan dan/atau mematuhi kewajiban yang timbul dari hubungan hukum yang terjalin antara pihak ketiga yang disebutkan di atas dan kami. Dalam hal apapun, kami telah menandatangani perjanjian kerahasiaan dan perlindungan data yang sesuai dengan penyedia layanan tersebut, sesuai sepenuhnya dengan ketentuan perundang-undangan saat ini tentang perlindungan data. 
Mitra Pembayaran. Informasi pembayaran dan pembelian dikumpulkan dan diproses oleh mitra pembayaran untuk tujuan pemrosesan pembayaran dan anti-penipuan. 
Pihak Lain Bila Diwajibkan oleh Hukum atau sebagaimana Diperlukan untuk Melindungi Layanan Kami. Ada kejadian yang dapat terjadi ketika kami mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada pihak lain untuk mematuhi hukum atau menanggapi proses hukum wajib (seperti surat perintah penggeledahan atau perintah pengadilan lainnya); 
Pihak Lain Bila Diwajibkan oleh Hukum atau sebagaimana Diperlukan untuk Melindungi Layanan Kami. Ada kejadian yang dapat terjadi ketika kami mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada pihak lain untuk memverifikasi atau menegakkan kepatuhan terhadap kebijakan yang mengatur Layanan kami; dan
Pihak Lain Bila Diwajibkan oleh Hukum atau sebagaimana Diperlukan untuk Melindungi Layanan Kami. Ada kejadian yang dapat terjadi ketika kami mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada pihak lain untuk melindungi hak, properti, atau keamanan kami, atau, sesuai dengan undang-undang perlindungan data, afiliasi, mitra bisnis, atau pelanggan kami masing-masing.
Pihak Lain Bila Diwajibkan oleh Hukum atau sebagaimana Diperlukan untuk Melindungi Layanan Kami. Ada kejadian yang dapat terjadi ketika kami mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada pihak lain Pihak Lain Sehubungan dengan Transaksi. Kami dapat mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada pihak ketiga sebagai bagian dari penggabungan atau pengalihan, akuisisi atau penjualan aktual atau terencana, atau jika terjadi kebangkrutan.
Pihak Lain Bila Diwajibkan oleh Hukum atau sebagaimana Diperlukan untuk Melindungi Layanan Kami. Ada kejadian yang dapat terjadi ketika kami mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada pihak lain Pihak Lain dengan Persetujuan Anda atau atas Permintaan Anda. Selain pengungkapan yang dijelaskan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini, kami dapat menyampaikan informasi tentang Anda dengan pihak ketiga saat Anda menyetujui atau meminta penyampaian tersebut secara terpisah.
Pihak Lain Bila Diwajibkan oleh Hukum atau sebagaimana Diperlukan untuk Melindungi Layanan Kami. Ada kejadian yang dapat terjadi ketika kami mengungkapkan informasi Anda kepada pihak lain Tautan ke Situs Web, Perangkat, Aplikasi, dan Fitur Lain. Layanan dapat menyediakan kemampuan untuk terhubung ke situs web, perangkat, aplikasi, dan fitur lain lainnya, yang dapat beroperasi secara independen dari kami dan dapat memiliki pemberitahuan atau kebijakan privasinya sendiri, yang sangat kami sarankan untuk Anda tinjau. Sejauh situs web, perangkat, aplikasi, atau fitur lain yang ditautkan tidak dimiliki atau dikendalikan oleh kami, kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas konten, penggunaan, atau praktik privasinya.
Penyimpanan Informasi Pribadi
Kami mengambil langkah-langkah yang tepat untuk memastikan bahwa kami memproses dan menyimpan informasi tentang Anda berdasarkan logika berikut pada durasi minimum penggunaan informasi untuk menyediakan suatu layanan kepada Anda; 
Kami mengambil langkah-langkah yang tepat untuk memastikan bahwa kami memproses dan menyimpan informasi tentang Anda berdasarkan logika berikut sebagaimana diharuskan oleh undang-undang, kontrak, atau sehubungan dengan kewajiban hukum kami (misalkan, undang-undang perpajakan); atau
Kami mengambil langkah-langkah yang tepat untuk memastikan bahwa kami memproses dan menyimpan informasi tentang Anda berdasarkan logika berikut hanya selama diperlukan untuk tujuan pengumpulan, pemrosesan, atau lebih lama jika diperlukan berdasarkan kontrak apa pun, oleh undang-undang yang berlaku, atau, dalam bentuk anonim, untuk tujuan statistik, tunduk pada pengamanan yang sesuai.
Oleh karena itu, kami hanya akan menyimpan data pribadi Anda selama kami membutuhkannya untuk tujuan kami mengumpulkannya dan untuk mematuhi persyaratan hukum, keuangan, bisnis, atau pelaporan. Ketika kami tidak lagi membutuhkan informasi pribadi tersebut, kami akan menghapus atau menghancurkannya dengan aman. 
Kami akan menyimpan data yang dikumpulkan bahkan setelahnya, hingga berakhirnya tanggung jawab hukum apa pun yang timbul darinya. 
Hak Anda
Informasi pribadi Anda adalah milik Anda. Tergantung pada yurisdiksi tempat Anda tinggal, Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memberikan rincian tentang apa yang telah kami kumpulkan, dan Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memperbaiki ketidakakuratan. Rincian hak Anda adalah sebagai berikut hak akses Anda: Anda berhak bertanya kepada kami apakah kami menggunakan atau menyimpan informasi pribadi Anda atau tidak. Anda juga dapat meminta salinan informasi pribadi Anda kepada kami.
Informasi pribadi Anda adalah milik Anda. Tergantung pada yurisdiksi tempat Anda tinggal, Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memberikan rincian tentang apa yang telah kami kumpulkan, dan Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memperbaiki ketidakakuratan. Rincian hak Anda adalah sebagai berikut hak Anda atas perbaikan: Anda berhak meminta kami untuk memperbaiki informasi yang menurut Anda tidak akurat. Anda juga berhak untuk melengkapi informasi yang Anda anggap tidak lengkap.
Informasi pribadi Anda adalah milik Anda. Tergantung pada yurisdiksi tempat Anda tinggal, Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memberikan rincian tentang apa yang telah kami kumpulkan, dan Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memperbaiki ketidakakuratan. Rincian hak Anda adalah sebagai berikut hak Anda untuk menghapus: Anda memiliki hak untuk meminta kami menghapus informasi pribadi Anda dalam keadaan berikut: kami tidak lagi memerlukan informasi pribadi Anda, Anda awalnya menyetujui penggunaan informasi pribadi Anda, tetapi sekarang telah menarik persetujuan Anda, Anda keberatan dengan penggunaan informasi pribadi Anda dan kepentingan Anda melebihi kepentingan perusahaan kami, kami telah mengumpulkan atau menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda secara tidak sah, dan/atau kami memiliki kewajiban hukum untuk menghapus informasi pribadi Anda.
Informasi pribadi Anda adalah milik Anda. Tergantung pada yurisdiksi tempat Anda tinggal, Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memberikan rincian tentang apa yang telah kami kumpulkan, dan Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memperbaiki ketidakakuratan. Rincian hak Anda adalah sebagai berikut hak Anda untuk membatasi pemrosesan: Anda berhak meminta kami untuk membatasi pemrosesan informasi pribadi Anda dalam keadaan berikut: Anda mempertanyakan keakuratan informasi pribadi Anda, Anda keberatan dengan penggunaan informasi pribadi, kami memproses informasi pribadi Anda secara tidak sah tanpa Anda ingin menghapusnya, dan/atau kami tidak lagi memerlukan informasi pribadi Anda tetapi Anda ingin kami menyimpannya untuk membela atau melakukan tuntutan hukum.
Informasi pribadi Anda adalah milik Anda. Tergantung pada yurisdiksi tempat Anda tinggal, Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memberikan rincian tentang apa yang telah kami kumpulkan, dan Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memperbaiki ketidakakuratan. Rincian hak Anda adalah sebagai berikut hak Anda untuk menolak pemrosesan: Anda memiliki hak untuk menolak pemrosesan informasi pribadi Anda jika kami menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda untuk tugas yang dilakukan demi kepentingan publik, kepentingan sah kami, penelitian ilmiah atau sejarah atau tujuan statistik, atau pemasaran langsung.
Informasi pribadi Anda adalah milik Anda. Tergantung pada yurisdiksi tempat Anda tinggal, Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memberikan rincian tentang apa yang telah kami kumpulkan, dan Anda dapat meminta kami untuk memperbaiki ketidakakuratan. Rincian hak Anda adalah sebagai berikut hak Anda atas portabilitas data: hak ini berlaku untuk informasi pribadi yang Anda berikan kepada kami dan di mana pemrosesan dilakukan secara otomatis, berdasarkan persetujuan Anda atau dibuat berdasarkan kontrak. Anda berhak meminta kami, jika memungkinkan secara teknis, untuk mentransfer informasi pribadi Anda ke organisasi lain atau secara langsung memberikannya kepada Anda dengan cara yang dapat diakses dan dapat dibaca oleh mesin.
Anda juga memiliki hak untuk menarik persetujuan: setiap saat pemrosesan didasarkan pada persetujuan Anda, tanpa mempengaruhi keabsahan pemrosesan berdasarkan persetujuan sebelum penarikan tersebut. 
Anda memiliki hak untuk mengajukan keluhan kepada otoritas pengawas: Anda dapat mengajukan keluhan kepada otoritas pengawas terkait jika Anda menganggap bahwa pemrosesan informasi pribadi Anda oleh kami melanggar hukum yang berlaku. 
Menjalankan Hak dan Pilihan Anda
Jika Anda ingin menggunakan hak di atas atau jika Anda ingin mengirimkan permintaan Anda, silakan hubungi kami seperti yang ditentukan di bagian Hubungi Kami (bagian 10 dari Kebijakan Privasi ini). Namun, jika diizinkan oleh undang-undang, kami dapat membebankan biaya kecil kepada Anda untuk menyediakan kemampuan ini kepada Anda. Tunduk pada hukum yang berlaku, kami dapat menolak untuk memproses permintaan yang diulang-ulang secara tidak wajar, memerlukan upaya teknis yang tidak proporsional, membahayakan privasi orang lain, atau yang aksesnya tidak diwajibkan oleh hukum setempat.
Anda dapat mengakses atau mengoreksi informasi pribadi Anda yang terdaftar dengan kita kapan saja melalui halaman "Akun" atau "Profil Kreator".
Anda dapat meminta kami untuk menghapus informasi pribadi Anda dengan menghapus akun Anda kapan saja. Jika Anda memiliki seri yang dipublikasikan di KANVAS, Anda harus menghapusnya terlebih dahulu untuk menghapus akun Anda. Setelah Anda menghapus akun, profil akun dan riwayat langganan Anda akan dihapus secara permanen dan tidak dapat dipulihkan. Setiap informasi pajak yang diserahkan kepada kami akan dipertahankan untuk jangka waktu tertentu, sebagaimana disyaratkan oleh undang-undang dan peraturan keuangan.
Jika Anda ingin mengubah preferensi Anda mengenai komunikasi kami (termasuk komunikasi pemasaran), Anda dapat mengubah preferensi komunikasi Anda dari halaman "Akun" atau halaman "Pengaturan". Anda juga dapat berhenti berlangganan komunikasi pemasaran surel kami kapan saja dengan mengeklik tautan "berhenti berlangganan" di bagian bawah surel.
Anda dapat mengelola penggunaan cookie opsional dengan mengeklik solusi "Pengaturan Cookie" yang ditampilkan saat Anda membuka aplikasi/mengunjungi situs web dan kapan saja melalui Pengaturan Cookie. Untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut tentang bagaimana kami menggunakan cookie yang dikumpulkan, silakan lihat Kebijakan Cookie kami. Anda juga dapat membatasi atau menonaktifkan jenis cookie tertentu dengan mengunjungi website_url_lnk atau website_url_lnk
Bagaimana Kami Melindungi Informasi Pribadi
Kami melindungi informasi Anda dengan serius dan mempertahankan perlindungan yang dirancang untuk melindungi informasi yang kami kumpulkan sehubungan dengan Layanan. Transmisi informasi melalui internet tidak sepenuhnya aman. Meskipun kami akan melakukan yang terbaik untuk melindungi informasi pribadi Anda, kami tidak dapat menjamin keamanan informasi Anda saat dikirimkan kepada kami. Sejauh diizinkan oleh undang-undang yang berlaku, kami tidak berkewajiban atau bertanggung jawab atas pengungkapan informasi Anda karena kesalahan transmisi, akses tidak sah oleh pihak ketiga atau penyebab lain di luar kendali kami.
Anda memainkan peran penting dalam menjaga keamanan informasi Anda. Anda tidak boleh membagikan nama pengguna atau kata sandi untuk akun Anda dengan siapa pun. Jika Anda memiliki alasan untuk meyakini bahwa akun Anda tidak lagi aman, harap segera hubungi kami.
Informasi Pribadi Anak
Layanan dirancang untuk masyarakat umum. Jika persetujuan orang tua (atau wali yang sah) diperlukan untuk memproses informasi pribadi anak sesuai dengan hukum yang berlaku, kami akan memproses informasi tersebut setelah mendapatkan persetujuan dari orang tua (atau wali yang sah) sesuai dengan proses yang diwajibkan secara hukum.
Hubungi Kami
Jika Anda memiliki pertanyaan, kekhawatiran, atau pertanyaan tentang Kebijakan untuk menangani informasi pribadi, Anda dapat mengirimkannya ke departemen manajemen informasi pribadi kami di: Layanan Pelanggan. 
Anda dapat menghubungi kami dengan mengirimkan surel ke Data Protection Officer kami di alamat berikut: dpo@webtoonscorp.com 
Dalam hal apapun, Anda dapat menghubungi kami secara tertulis di alamat berikut. 
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. 
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republik Korea. 
Karena NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. dan WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. akan mengambil tindakan bersama kapan pun diperlukan untuk mematuhi hak, permintaan, atau keluhan Anda, Anda juga dapat menghubungi kami di WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. wEBTOON Entertainment Inc.
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
Amerika Serikat 
Tautan ke Situs Web Lain
Anda dapat mengidentifikasi hyperlink untuk mengakses situs web organisasi lain di situs web kami atau di konten yang kami sediakan untuk Anda (misalkan, surel promosi atau acara). Harap diperhatikan bahwa kebijakan privasi ini tidak mencakup bagaimana perusahaan lain akan memproses informasi pribadi Anda. Kami menyarankan Anda untuk membaca kebijakan privasi yang berlaku untuk situs web lain tersebut.
Pembaruan Kebijakan Privasi Kami
Kebijakan Privasi ini dapat diperbarui untuk mencerminkan perubahan dalam praktik informasi pribadi kami sehubungan dengan Layanan, atau perubahan dalam undang-undang yang berlaku. Kami akan memposting pemberitahuan di Layanan kami untuk memberi tahu Anda sebelumnya tentang perubahan materi pada Kebijakan Privasi milik kami dan menunjukkan di bagian atas pemberitahuan kapan pembaruan terakhir dilakukan.
นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของ WEBTOON สำหรับประเทศไทย
ปรับปรุงล่าสุด: 27 มิถุนายน 2566
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. (รวมถึงบริษัทในเครือของบริษัทดังกล่าว ซึ่งต่อไปในข้อกำหนดการใช้งานฉบับนี้จะเรียกรวมกันว่า "เรา" หรือ "ของเรา") เคารพความเป็นส่วนตัวของท่าน นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ใช้บังคับกับข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่เราเก็บรวบรวมผ่านทางแอปพลิเคชันและ/หรือเว็บไซต์ของ WEBTOON WEBTOON TRANSLATE และ แคนวาส (ต่อไปนี้จะเรียกรวมกันว่า "บริการ")
ผู้ควบคุมข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล 
ข้อมูลที่เราเก็บรวบรวม 
เราใช้ข้อมูลที่เก็บรวบรวมอย่างไร 
การแบ่งปันข้อมูล 
การเก็บรักษาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล 
สิทธิของท่าน 
การใช้สิทธิและทางเลือกของท่าน 
เราคุ้มครองข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลอย่างไร 
ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของผู้เยาว์ 
ติดต่อเรา 
การเชื่อมโยงไปยังเว็บไซต์อื่น 
การปรับปรุงนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของเรา 
นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของ WEBTOON สำหรับประเทศไทย
ผู้ควบคุมข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. และWEBTOON Entertainment Inc. มีอำนาจควบคุมการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลและแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลร่วมกัน ในฐานะผู้ควบคุมข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลร่วม เพื่อให้บริการได้อย่างมีประสิทธิภาพและเป็นไปตามกฎหมายที่ใช้บังคับ
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. 
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republic of Korea 
WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
United States 
ข้อมูลที่เราเก็บรวบรวม
ข้อมูลด้านการดูแลลูกค้า: ในการตอบกลับเมื่อท่านติดต่อฝ่ายดูแลลูกค้า (Customer Care) ของเรา เราอาจเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลใด ๆ ที่ท่านเลือกที่จะให้ เช่น คำขอหรือข้อซักถามของท่าน เมื่อท่านสื่อสารกับเจ้าหน้าที่ดูแลลูกค้าของเราหรือเจ้าหน้าที่อื่น ๆ ข้อมูลการสื่อสารของท่านจะถูกส่งเข้าระบบของเราผ่านที่อยู่อีเมลของท่าน 
ตัวบ่งชี้ เช่น ตัวบ่งชี้เฉพาะ (Unique Personal Identifier) (เช่น ตัวบ่งชี้อุปกรณ์ (เช่น คุกกี้ บีคอน และพิกเซลแท็ก (Pixel Tags)) ตัวบ่งชี้ในโทรศัพท์เคลื่อนที่ (Mobile Ad Identifiers) และเทคโนโลยีอื่น ๆ ที่คล้ายกัน รหัสลูกค้า นามแฝงเฉพาะ (Unique Pseudonym) หรือนามแฝงของผู้ใช้งาน (User Alias) หมายเลขโทรศัพท์ และตัวบ่งชี้ถาวร (Persistent Identifiers) หรือตัวบ่งชี้ที่น่าจะเป็น (Probabilistic Identifiers) ในรูปแบบอื่น ๆ) ตัวบ่งชี้ออนไลน์ หมายเลขประจำเครื่องคอมพิวเตอร์ (IP Address) และตัวบ่งชี้อื่น ๆ ที่คล้ายกัน 
[สำหรับครีเอเตอร์ (Creators)]
เมื่อท่านเข้าใช้งาน แคนวาส และ/หรือ โปรแกรมแบ่งปันรายได้จากโฆษณา (AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM) เราอาจจำเป็นต้องเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมดังต่อไปนี้ 
เราอาจขอให้ท่านเชื่อม PayPal ID และ Patreon ID เข้ากับบริการ 
เราอาจขอทราบ uTip ID ของท่านสำหรับการให้รางวัลหรือโบนัส 
ข้อมูลการชำระเงิน AD Revenue (AD Revenue Payment Information): หากท่านเลือกที่จะให้ข้อมูลบัญชี PayPal ของท่าน เราอาจขอข้อมูลเพิ่มเติม เช่น ชื่อของท่าน (ชื่อตามกฎหมาย/ชื่อทางธุรกิจ) ชื่อเต็ม/ชื่อธุรกิจ ประเทศ ที่อยู่อาศัย ที่อยู่ รหัสไปรษณีย์ ที่อยู่อีเมล ลายมือชื่อ และหมายเลขประจำตัวผู้เสียภาษี (หรือหมายเลขประกันสังคม (ถ้ามี)) เพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ด้านการดำเนินการทางภาษี 
[สำหรับผู้ใช้งาน WEBTOON TRANSLATE]
เมื่อท่านใช้งาน WEBTOON TRANSLATE เราอาจจำเป็นต้องเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมดังต่อไปนี้ 
ข้อมูลโปรไฟล์: เราอาจเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลที่ท่านเลือกที่จะเปิดเผยต่อสาธารณะผ่านทางหน้าโปรไฟล์ของท่าน เช่น รูปโปรไฟล์ ชื่อเล่น ที่อยู่ที่ระบุตำแหน่งหน้าเว็บไซต์ ของหน้าผู้ใช้งาน ตำแหน่งที่ตั้ง และภาษาที่ท่านเลือก 
ข้อมูลการสมัครเป็นผู้จัดการทีม: หากท่านสมัครเป็นผู้จัดการทีม เราอาจขอทราบที่อยู่ที่ระบุตำแหน่งหน้าเว็บไซต์ ของหน้า "โปรไฟล์ของฉัน (My Profile)" ภาษาที่ท่านเลือก และประสบการณ์การแปลอื่น ๆ ของท่าน 
เราและบุคคลภายนอกอาจใช้คุกกี้ เว็บบีคอน (Web beacons) พิกเซล แท็ก และเทคโนโลยีการติดตามอื่น ๆ (ต่อไปนี้จะเรียกรวมกันว่า "คุกกี้") เพื่อช่วยเราเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลทางสถิติเพื่อใช้ปรับปรุงประสบการณ์ที่ท่านได้รับจากบริการ บันทึกความชอบ/ความสนใจของท่าน และนำเสนอข้อเสนอต่าง ๆ แก่ท่าน คุกกี้เหล่านี้อาจใช้ในการติดตามการใช้งานอุปกรณ์และเว็บไซต์ต่าง ๆ ของท่านในช่วงเวลาหนึ่ง เว็บเบราว์เซอร์ส่วนใหญ่จะยอมรับคุกกี้และเซสชันไอดี (Session IDs) โดยอัตโนมัติ แต่ท่านอาจสามารถปิดใช้งานคุกกี้ได้โดยกำหนดตัวเลือกที่เหมาะสมในเมนูตั้งค่าเบราว์เซอร์ของท่านหรือผ่านการตั้งค่าคุกกี้ (Cookie Settings) ทั้งนี้ โปรดทราบว่าการเปลี่ยนการตั้งค่าดังกล่าวอาจจำกัดฟังก์ชันการทำงานของบริการของเราได้
โปรดอ่านนโยบายคุกกี้ (Cookies Policy) ของเราเพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับแนวทางการใช้คุกกี้ที่เก็บรวบรวมไว้ สำหรับข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับคุกกี้ รวมถึงวิธีเข้าดูการตั้งค่าคุกกี้ กรุณาไปที่ website_url_lnk หรือ website_url_lnk
ข้อมูลการใช้บริการ: ปฏิสัมพันธ์ของท่านกับบริการ วันที่และเวลาที่ใช้บริการ และข้อมูลการใช้บริการใด ๆ เช่น ประเภทเนื้อหาที่ท่านสนใจอ่าน ความคิดเห็นหรือยอดไลก์ ยอดคงเหลือของเหรียญ และตั๋วอ่านฟรี (Free Passes) และข้อมูลเชิงพาณิชย์ เช่น ประวัติการซื้อและการทำธุรกรรม การเข้าดูล่าสุด (Recent Views) ประวัติการสมัครสมาชิก (Subscription History) ประวัติการดาวน์โหลด และข้อมูลการเข้าร่วมกิจกรรม โปรโมชั่น และ/หรือการแข่งขัน 
ข้อมูลอุปกรณ์และข้อมูลจราจรทางคอมพิวเตอร์ (Log): ข้อมูลอุปกรณ์และข้อมูลจราจรทางคอมพิวเตอร์ เช่น รุ่นอุปกรณ์ เวอร์ชั่นระบบปฏิบัติการ หมายเลขประจำเครื่องคอมพิวเตอร์ (IP Address) การตั้งค่าอุปกรณ์ ข้อมูลประเทศตามหมายเลขประจำเครื่องคอมพิวเตอร์ (IP Address) ที่อยู่ที่ระบุตำแหน่งหน้าเว็บไซต์ และประเภทเครือข่าย และ 
รายละเอียดการทำธุรกรรม/การซื้อ: เราจะไม่เก็บรวบรวมหรือประมวลผลรายละเอียดการชำระเงินใด ๆ ที่เกี่ยวข้องกับท่าน (เช่น รายละเอียดบัตรเครดิต) ทั้งนี้ ข้อมูลดังกล่าวจะถูกเก็บรวบรวมและประมวลผลผ่านทาง App Store ของ Apple หรือ Google Play Store และ PayPal เท่านั้น ข้อมูลเดียวที่ Apple Google และ PayPal อาจแบ่งปันให้กับเราคือรายละเอียดการทำธุรกรรมและการซื้อ (เช่น หมายเลขธุรกรรม และประวัติการซื้อ) ทั้งนี้ ข้อมูลดังกล่าวจะถูกประมวลผลเพื่อใช้ยืนยันการทำธุรกรรมเท่านั้น 
เราใช้ข้อมูลที่เก็บรวบรวมอย่างไร
ระบุและพิสูจน์ยืนยันตัวตนของท่าน และ บริหารจัดการบัญชีของท่าน 
จัดให้มีฟังก์ชันที่ปรับให้เหมาะกับท่านโดยเฉพาะ เช่น การแนะนำตามหน้าเว็บที่ท่านเยี่ยมชมบ่อยที่สุด และเนื้อหาเพิ่มเติมที่ปรับตามความสนใจของท่านผ่าน "แท็บความสนใจ (Interest tab)" 
ส่งข้อความการสื่อสารต่าง ๆ ถึงท่านทางอีเมลหรือการแจ้งเตือนโดยตรงจากผลิตภัณฑ์ (เช่น การแจ้งเตือนที่ขึ้นบนหน้าจอ (Pop-up Notification) และการแจ้งเตือนแบบแสดงในแถบแจ้งเตือน (Push notification)) ที่เกี่ยวกับบริการของเราที่เป็นไปตามการตั้งค่าการสื่อสาร (Communication Preferences) ของท่าน 
สร้างข้อมูลที่ไม่ระบุตัวตน ข้อมูลนิรนาม หรือข้อมูลรวม (Aggregated information) 
จัดให้มีและคุ้มครองเนื้อหาดิจิทัล (Digital Content) 
[สำหรับครีเอเตอร์ที่ใช้งาน แคนวาส และ/หรือ โปรแกรมแบ่งปันรายได้จากโฆษณา (AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM)]
นอกเหนือจากวัตถุประสงค์ข้างต้นแล้ว เราอาจใช้ข้อมูลที่เก็บรวบรวมจากครีเอเตอร์ที่ใช้งาน แคนวาส และ/หรือโปรแกรมแบ่งปันรายได้จากโฆษณา (AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM) เพื่อวัตถุประสงค์เพิ่มเติมดังต่อไปนี้ 
จัดให้มีโปรแกรมแบ่งปันรายได้จากโฆษณา (AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM) แก่ผู้ใช้งาน 
ทำความเข้าใจแนวทางการใช้บริการของท่าน และพัฒนาโปรแกรมแบ่งปันรายได้จากโฆษณา (AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAMs) ให้ดียิ่งขึ้น 
ดำเนินการวิจัยและพัฒนาเพื่อปรับปรุงโปรแกรมแบ่งปันรายได้จากโฆษณา (AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM) และพัฒนาผลิตภัณฑ์ในอนาคต 
ป้องกันการฉ้อโกงและการใช้โปรแกรมแบ่งปันรายได้จากโฆษณา (AD REVENUE SHARING PROGRAM) ในทางที่ผิด และป้องกันอาชญากรรม การเรียกร้อง และความรับผิดอื่น ๆ 
การแบ่งปันข้อมูล
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. และ WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. ในฐานะที่เป็นผู้ควบคุมข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่านร่วมกัน จะแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลกันเมื่อจำเป็นเพื่อให้บริการได้อย่างมีประสิทธิภาพและถูกต้องตามกฎหมายที่ใช้บังคับ เราจะเปิดเผยหรือแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่เกี่ยวข้องกับท่านผ่านบริการตามที่อธิบายไว้ด้านล่างนี้ 
พันธมิตรการชำระเงิน (Payment Partners): ข้อมูลการชำระเงินและการซื้อจะถูกเก็บรวบรวมและประมวลผลโดยพันธมิตรการชำระเงิน เพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ในการประมวลผลการชำระเงินและป้องกันการฉ้อโกง 
การเก็บรักษาข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล
สิทธิของท่าน
สิทธิของท่านในการลบข้อมูล: ท่านมีสิทธิขอให้เราลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่าน ในกรณีที่ เราไม่จำเป็นต้องใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลนั้นอีกต่อไป ท่านยินยอมให้ใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลนั้นในตอนแรก แต่ปัจจุบันท่านได้เพิกถอนความยินยอมดังกล่าวแล้ว ท่านได้คัดค้านการใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลนั้น และผลประโยชน์ของท่านมีมากกว่าผลประโยชน์ของบริษัทของเรา เราได้เก็บรวบรวมหรือใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลนั้นโดยมิชอบด้วยกฎหมาย และ/หรือ เรามีภาระผูกพันตามกฎหมายในการลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่าน 
สิทธิของท่านในการระงับการประมวลผล: ท่านมีสิทธิขอให้เราจำกัดการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่าน ในกรณีที่ ท่านได้คัดค้านเรื่องความถูกต้องของข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่าน ท่านได้คัดค้านการใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่าน เราได้ประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่านโดยมิชอบด้วยกฎหมาย โดยที่ท่านไม่ประสงค์ที่จะลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลดังกล่าว และ/หรือ เราไม่จำเป็นต้องใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่านอีกต่อไป แต่ท่านประสงค์ที่จะให้เราเก็บรักษาไว้เพื่อแก้ต่างหรือใช้สิทธิในการเรียกร้องทางกฎหมาย 
สิทธิของท่านในการคัดค้านการประมวลผล: ท่านมีสิทธิคัดค้านการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่าน หากเรานำข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่านไปใช้ ในการปฏิบัติหน้าที่เพื่อประโยชน์สาธารณะ เพื่อประโยชน์ที่ชอบด้วยกฎหมายของเรา เพื่อการศึกษาวิจัยทางวิทยาศาสตร์หรือประวัติศาสตร์ หรือเพื่อวัตถุประสงค์ทางสถิติ หรือ เพื่อการตลาดแบบตรง 
การใช้สิทธิและตัวเลือกของท่าน
หากท่านประสงค์จะใช้สิทธิใด ๆ ข้างต้น หรือส่งคำขอใด ๆ โปรดติดต่อเราตามรายละเอียดในหัวข้อ ติดต่อเรา (Contact Us) (ข้อ 10 ของนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้) อย่างไรก็ตาม หากกฎหมายอนุญาตให้ทำได้ เราอาจเรียกเก็บค่าธรรมเนียมในจำนวนเล็กน้อยสำหรับการดำเนินการตามคำขอใช้สิทธิของท่าน เราอาจปฏิเสธที่จะดำเนินการตามคำขอที่ซ้ำซ้อนเกินสมควร หรือที่จำเป็นต้องใช้ความพยายามทางเทคนิคที่เกินสมควร หรือที่จะกระทบต่อความเป็นส่วนตัวของผู้อื่น หรือกฎหมายท้องถิ่นไม่ได้กำหนดให้สิทธิเข้าถึงข้อมูล ทั้งนี้ ภายใต้กฎหมายที่ใช้บังคับ
ท่านมีสิทธิเข้าถึงหรือแก้ไขข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่านที่ลงทะเบียนกับเราได้ตลอดเวลาผ่านทางหน้า "บัญชี (Account)" หรือ "โปรไฟล์ครีเอเตอร์ (Creator Profile)"
ท่านมีสิทธิขอให้เราลบข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่านโดยการลบบัญชีของท่านเมื่อใดก็ได้ หากท่านมีการ์ตูนชุด ที่เผยแพร่อยู่บน แคนวาส ท่านจะต้องลบการ์ตูนชุดดังกล่าวออกก่อนที่จะลบบัญชีของท่าน เมื่อท่านลบบัญชีของท่านแล้ว โปรไฟล์บัญชีและประวัติการสมัครสมาชิกของท่านจะถูกลบโดยถาวรและไม่สามารถกู้คืนได้ ทั้งนี้ ข้อมูลภาษีใด ๆ ที่ได้ส่งให้เราจะถูกเก็บรักษาไว้เป็นระยะเวลาหนึ่งตามที่กฎหมายและข้อบังคับทางการเงินกำหนดไว้
หากท่านประสงค์ที่จะเปลี่ยนแปลงการตั้งค่าของท่านเกี่ยวกับการสื่อสารของเรา (รวมถึงการสื่อสารทางการตลาด) ท่านสามารถเปลี่ยนการตั้งค่าการสื่อสาร (Communication Preferences) ของท่านได้ที่หน้า "บัญชี (Account)" หรือหน้า "การตั้งค่า (Settings)" อีกทั้งท่านยังสามารถยกเลิกรับข่าวสารการตลาดทางอีเมลของเราได้ทุกเมื่อ โดยคลิกลิงก์ "ยกเลิกสมาชิก (Unsubscribe)" ที่ด้านล่างของอีเมล
ท่านสามารถจัดการการใช้คุกกี้ทางเลือก (Optional Cookies) ได้โดยคลิก "การตั้งค่าคุกกี้ (Cookie Settings)" ที่จะแสดงขึ้นเมื่อท่านเปิดแอปพลิเคชันหรือเข้าเยี่ยมชมเว็บไซต์ และเมื่อใดก็ได้ผ่านทางเมนูการตั้งค่าคุกกี้ (Cookie Settings) หากต้องการทราบข้อมูลเพิ่มเติมเกี่ยวกับแนวทางการใช้คุกกี้ที่เก็บรวบรวมไว้ โปรดศึกษานโยบายคุกกี้ (Cookie Policy) ของเราเพิ่มเติม นอกจากนี้ ท่านยังสามารถจำกัดหรือปิดใช้งานคุกกี้บางประเภทได้โดยเข้าไปที่ website_url_lnk หรือ website_url_lnk
เราคุ้มครองข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลอย่างไริ
ท่านมีบทบาทสำคัญในการเก็บรักษาข้อมูลของท่านให้ปลอดภัย ท่านไม่ควรเปิดเผยชื่อผู้ใช้งาน หรือรหัสผ่าน ของบัญชีของท่านให้ผู้อื่นทราบ หากท่านมีเหตุให้เชื่อได้ว่าบัญชีของท่านไม่ปลอดภัยอีกต่อไป โปรดติดต่อเราโดยทันที
ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของผู้เยาว์
ติดต่อเรา (Contact Us)
หากท่านมีคำถาม ข้อกังวล หรือข้อซักถามใด ๆ เกี่ยวกับนโยบาย การจัดการข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล ท่านสามารถติดต่อแผนกจัดการข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของเราได้ที่ฝ่ายดูแลลูกค้า (Customer Care) 
ท่านสามารถติดต่อเราได้โดยส่งอีเมลถึงเจ้าหน้าที่คุ้มครองข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล ของเราตามที่อยู่อีเมล dpo@webtoonscorp.com 
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. 
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republic of Korea 
เนื่องจาก NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. จะดำเนินการร่วมกันเมื่อจำเป็นในการปฏิบัติตามสิทธิ คำขอ หรือข้อร้องเรียนของท่าน ท่านจึงสามารถติดต่อเราได้ที่ WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. ด้วยเช่นกัน 
WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
United States 
การเชื่อมโยงไปยังเว็บไซต์อื่น
ท่านอาจระบุไฮเปอร์ลิงก์ ไปยังเว็บไซต์ขององค์กรอื่น ๆ บนเว็บไซต์ของเราหรือในเนื้อหาที่เราส่งให้ท่าน (เช่น อีเมลหรือกิจกรรมส่งเสริมการขาย) โปรดทราบว่านโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ไม่ครอบคลุมถึงแนวทางการประมวลผลข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของท่านโดยบริษัทอื่น เราขอแนะนำให้ท่านศึกษานโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวที่ใช้บังคับกับเว็บไซต์อื่น ๆ ดังกล่าวเพิ่มเติม
การปรับปรุงนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวของเรา
台灣 WEBTOON 隱私權政策要點 
最後更新：2023年6月27日
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd.（包括其子公司，以下合稱「我們」或「我們的」）尊重您對個人隱私權的保障，凡是我們透過WEBTOON應用程式和/或網站、投稿新星專區 （合稱「本服務」）所蒐集的個人資料，均有本隱私權政策的適用。
資料控管者 
我們蒐集的資料 
我們如何使用所蒐集的資料 
資料共享 
個人資料的保存 
您的權利 
行使您的權利和您的選擇 
我們如何保護個人資料 
兒童的個人資料 
聯絡我們 
與其他網站的連結 
我們的隱私權政策更新 
WEBTOON 隱私權政策 台灣策
資料控管者
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd.及WEBTOON Entertainment Inc.共享處理個人資料的控制權，並作為您個人資料的共同控管者相互分享資料，以有效率地提供本服務並遵守可適用的法律。
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. 
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republic of Korea. 
WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
United States 
我們蒐集的資料
個資識別標識，例如專有的個人識別標識（例如(i) 裝置識別碼（例如：cookies、網路信標、像素標籤），(ii) 行動廣告識別資訊和類似技術，(iii) 客戶編號、獨特假名或使用者別名，(iv) 電話號碼和其他形式的永久或隨機識別碼），網路標識和IP位址及其他相類似可資識別之標識。 
我們會請您將PayPal帳號或Patreon帳號連結至本服務。 
我們會請您提供uTip帳號以提供獎品或紅利。 
廣告收益支付資訊：如您選擇提供您的PayPal帳戶，我們會請您提供額外資訊，例如您的名稱（法定名稱/商業別稱）、全名/商業名稱、國家、住址、地址、郵遞區號、電子郵件、簽名或稅籍帳號（或社會安全碼，如果適用）以作為稅務處理之用。 
[WEBTOON翻譯使用者須知]
當您使用WEBTOON翻譯，我們可能需要蒐集以下額外資訊： 
透過cookies及相似科技蒐集的資訊
我們及第三方會使用cookies、網路信標、像素標籤及其他追蹤科技（以下我們合稱「cookies」）來幫助我們彙整數據資料，以提升您使用本服務的使用體驗、儲存您的喜好並提供您客製化優惠，這些cookies會隨著時間用於追蹤您不同設備及網站。多數網頁瀏覽器會自動接受cookies及session ID，但您可透過瀏覽器選項或Cookie設定做出適當選擇以停用cookies。請留意，如此一來我們服務的功能可能會受到限制。 
為瞭解更多或我們如何使用cookies進行蒐集，請參考我們的Cookie政策。為更加瞭解cookies，包括如何知悉我們設定的cookies，請參訪website_url_lnk 
設備及登入資訊：設備及登入資訊例如設備型號、操作系統版本、IP位址、登入設定、IP位址所在國資訊、網址及網路型態；及 
交易/購買細節：我們不會蒐集或處理任何有關您的付款資訊（例如：信用卡資訊），該類資訊只會由Apple應用程式商店、Google Play商店及PayPal蒐集及處理；Apple應用程式商店、Google Play商店及PayPal唯一會與我們分享的資訊是交易和購買資訊（例如：交易號碼、購買記錄），該類資訊只會基於驗證交易的目的而處理。 
3.我們如何使用所蒐集的資料
識別及驗證您的身份，以及(ii) 管理您的帳戶 
資料共享
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd.及WEBTOON Entertainment Inc.於必要時將作為您個人資料的共同控制者相互分享資訊，以有效率地提供本服務並遵守可適用的法律。我們透過本服務揭露或共享與您有關的個人資料如下所述： 
個人資料的保存
您的權利
您的刪除權：於下列情形中，您有權利要求我們刪除您的個人資料：(i)我們不再需要您的個人資料，(ii) 您原本同意我們使用您的個人資料，但現已撤回您的同意，(iii)您反對我們使用您的個人資料，且您的利益比我們公司的利益更加重要，(iv)我們非法蒐集或使用您的個人資料，和/或(v)我們有刪除您個人資料的法定義務。 
您的限制處理權：於下列情形中，您有權利要求我們限制處理您的個人資料：(i)您對您個人資料的正確性提出質疑，(ii) 您反對我們使用您的個人資料，(iii)我們不顧您表達希望刪除的情況下，非法處理您的個人資料，和/或(iv) 我們不再需要您的個人資料，但您希望我們繼續保存，以作為抗辯或法律權利行使。 
您的反對處理權：您有權利反對處理您的個人資料，如果我們使用您的個人資料是基於以下目的：(i)為公共利益而執行的任務，(ii)我們的合法利益，(iii)科學或歷史研究或統計目的，或(iv)直接行銷。 
行使您的權利和您的選擇
如果您想行使上述權利，或您想提交您的請求，請參照聯絡我們一節（本隱私政策第10節）聯繫我們。然而，如果法律允許，我們可能會向您收取小額費用。根據可適用的法律，我們可能會拒絕處理不合理的重複請求、技術支援不成比例的請求、危害他人隱私或當地法律未要求的近用。
您可以透過點擊打開應用程式/訪問網站時顯示的「Cookie設定」方案，並隨時過Cookie設定來管理可選擇的cookies的使用。要瞭解更多關於我們如何使用蒐集的cookies的資訊，請參考我們的Cookie政策。您還可以透過以下連結，限制或禁止特定類型的cookies：website_url_lnk
我們如何保護個人資料
兒童的個人資料
聯絡我們
您可透過寄送電子郵件至以下電子郵件地址給我們的資料保護官（DPO）來聯絡我們：dpo@webtoonscorp.com 
NAVER WEBTOON Ltd. 
TechONE Tower1 11-12F, 
131, Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, 
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 
Republic of Korea. 
由於NAVER WEBTOON Ltd.和WEBTOON Entertainment Inc.會在必要時採取聯合行動，以符合您的權利、要求或申訴，您也可透過WEBTOON Entertainment Inc.聯絡我們： 
WEBTOON Entertainment Inc. 
5700 Wilshire Blvd Suite 220, 
Los Angeles, CA 90036 
United States 
與其他網站的連結
我們的隱私權政策更新
WEBTOON
Download WEBTOON now!
GET IT on Google Play Download on the App Store
facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
About
Feedback
Help
Terms
Privacy
Personal Data
Advertise
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
EnglishEnglish
English
Indonesia
Español
Français
Deutsch
ⓒ NAVER WEBTOON Ltd.
WEBTOON
Recently viewed
Recently viewed
Search by Series Title or Creator Search Delete. Close