Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Summary
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Your Options
Children's Privacy
International Consumer Privacy 
California Notice
Loyalty Program and Financial Incentive Disclosure for Wendy's Rewards Program 
Privacy Notice for Residents of Covered U. S. States
How and Why We Collect Your Personal Information
Sensitive Personal Information
Other Important Information
Privacy Policy Summary
Privacy Policy Summary
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Your Options
Children's Privacy
International Consumer Privacy 
California Notice
Loyalty Program and Financial Incentive Disclosure for Wendy's Rewards Program 
Privacy Notice for Residents of Covered U. S. States
How and Why We Collect Your Personal Information
Sensitive Personal Information
Other Important Information
Effective Date: 7/1/2023
Welcome!
Thank you for viewing Wendy's ("Wendy's," "our," "us," "we") privacy policy. This privacy policy applies to consumers visiting our restaurants; using the Wendy's website (website_url_lnk other related websites, mobile applications ("mobile apps"), and other services, tools, and applications; and otherwise interacting with us (collectively, "services"). By using the Wendy's services, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and consent to Wendy's information collection, use, and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this privacy policy. If you do not agree and consent, please discontinue use of the Wendy's services. 
This privacy policy explains our privacy practices, the information we collect and how it's used, the choices you can make about the collection and use of information you submit through our services, and our commitment to protecting your privacy. We want you to have all the information you need to make informed decisions before you use the Wendy's services. 
U. S. State Privacy Notices: 
California Consumers can find information about their California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") rights, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and how to exercise them here. California Consumers may submit CCPA-related requests to Wendy's by filling out the form here or by calling us toll-free at 1 (888) 624-8140. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia (each a "Covered State") can find information about their privacy rights and how to exercise them here. Residents of Covered States may submit privacy requests to Wendy's by filling out the form here.
Information We Collect 
When you use our services, we, or vendors acting on our behalf, may collect your information. This generally happens in one of three ways, you provide us with information, we collect information through automated methods, or we collect information from other sources. 
There are some situations in which it is necessary for us to collect your information in order to provide a service to you or to meet legal requirements. Rest assured, when you share your information with us, we only use it to give you a great Wendy's experience. 
Information You Provide Us 
You may share certain information when you interact with us. For instance, when you create a MyWendy's account or call our Customer Care line, you may provide us with information about you and your experience with Wendy's. For example, you may provide: personal identifiers such as your name, address, phone number, email address, birthdate, and other personal characteristics 
You may share certain information when you interact with us. For instance, when you create a MyWendy's account or call our Customer Care line, you may provide us with information about you and your experience with Wendy's. For example, you may provide: customer records such as personal identifiers and payment card information 
You may share certain information when you interact with us. For instance, when you create a MyWendy's account or call our Customer Care line, you may provide us with information about you and your experience with Wendy's. For example, you may provide: purchase details such as purchase history or tendencies 
You may share certain information when you interact with us. For instance, when you create a MyWendy's account or call our Customer Care line, you may provide us with information about you and your experience with Wendy's. For example, you may provide: other information you provide such as information about a restaurant visit or transaction when you call Customer Care, use your MyWendy's account, or interact with us on social media or other third-party websites or mobile apps 
You may share certain information when you interact with us. For instance, when you create a MyWendy's account or call our Customer Care line, you may provide us with information about you and your experience with Wendy's. For example, you may provide: sensory Data such as voice recordings from calls to Customer Care 
Information Collected Through Automated Methods 
When you use our services, our technology has the ability to collect certain types of information. For example, when you use the Wendy's mobile app to place an order, depending on your device's location settings, we may use your location to determine which restaurant is closest to you to ensure you place your order from the right restaurant. 
We, as well as certain vendors we work with (including those that provide content and other functionality on Wendy's services) may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar tracking technologies, and the information collected from such technologies, as part of our services. We also collect: internet usage data such as IP address, device identifiers, device advertising identifiers, mobile network, operating system details, language preferences, referring URLs, length of visits, anonymous traffic data, pages viewed, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our services or advertisements 
We, as well as certain vendors we work with (including those that provide content and other functionality on Wendy's services) may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar tracking technologies, and the information collected from such technologies, as part of our services. We also collect: geolocation data such as real-time information about the precise or approximate location of your device (GPS and network-based) 
Information From Other Sources 
Sometimes we may get information about you from other companies. For instance, when you tag or direct message us through social media, we may collect information about you. We also offer social networking sign-on services that allow you to use social networking credentials to access our services. 
Compiling Information 
We may combine certain information we collect, both from you or automatically, with other information we obtain about you from third parties. This information about your online activities over time and across different services gives us a better idea of the profile of a Wendy's customer and helps us improve our services. For instance, we may combine information from various sources to serve personalized experiences and targeted offers that reflect your preferences and predispositions. 
How We Use Your Information 
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including improving our operations and providing you with our services, generating analytics, and for fraud prevention and legal purposes, which help us provide you with a better Wendy's experience and learn how consumers interact with our services. For instance, using cookies can enhance your experience with our services by remembering your log-in status and viewing preferences from a previous use of our services. 
To Operate and Provide Our Services 
We use much of the information we collect to operate and provide you with our services. For instance, we use your information to: respond to your requests 
We use much of the information we collect to operate and provide you with our services. For instance, we use your information to: provide customer service 
We use much of the information we collect to operate and provide you with our services. For instance, we use your information to: give you information about your account 
We use much of the information we collect to operate and provide you with our services. For instance, we use your information to: manage web traffic 
We use much of the information we collect to operate and provide you with our services. For instance, we use your information to: manage your purchases 
We use much of the information we collect to operate and provide you with our services. For instance, we use your information to: provide you with a safe, secure, efficient, and customized experience 
To Analyze and Better Understand Our Consumers 
We collect and use information in connection with interest-based advertising, and we may share this information with our vendors. Our vendors, such as our advertising partners, may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the Internet. This information is used to provide advertising services, including advertisements targeted to your interests. For instance, we may use your personal information to: personalize your experience by providing content through our services, including targeted advertising that we believe may be of most interest to you 
We collect and use information in connection with interest-based advertising, and we may share this information with our vendors. Our vendors, such as our advertising partners, may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the Internet. This information is used to provide advertising services, including advertisements targeted to your interests. For instance, we may use your personal information to: inform marketing practices 
We collect and use information in connection with interest-based advertising, and we may share this information with our vendors. Our vendors, such as our advertising partners, may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the Internet. This information is used to provide advertising services, including advertisements targeted to your interests. For instance, we may use your personal information to: deliver content relevant to your interests on our services and third-party websites and mobile apps 
We collect and use information in connection with interest-based advertising, and we may share this information with our vendors. Our vendors, such as our advertising partners, may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the Internet. This information is used to provide advertising services, including advertisements targeted to your interests. For instance, we may use your personal information to: improve our products and services 
We collect and use information in connection with interest-based advertising, and we may share this information with our vendors. Our vendors, such as our advertising partners, may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the Internet. This information is used to provide advertising services, including advertisements targeted to your interests. For instance, we may use your personal information to: assess promotional effectiveness 
We collect and use information in connection with interest-based advertising, and we may share this information with our vendors. Our vendors, such as our advertising partners, may use, store, or access cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our services and elsewhere on the Internet. This information is used to provide advertising services, including advertisements targeted to your interests. For instance, we may use your personal information to: administer surveys, rewards, and promotions 
To Prevent Fraud and For Other Legal Purposes 
We may use the information we collect to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities; enforce our Terms and Conditions; or otherwise comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
How We Share Your Information
We may share or disclose your information to other entities in our corporate family, our franchisees, vendors acting on our behalf, governmental agencies, and other entities. 
Our Corporate Family 
We may share or disclose your information to our corporate family, which includes our affiliates, to: provide joint content and our services (e.g., registration, transactions, analytics, and customer support) 
We may share or disclose your information to our corporate family, which includes our affiliates, to: help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud, and data security breaches 
We may share or disclose your information to our corporate family, which includes our affiliates, to: guide decisions about Wendy's or third-party products, websites, applications, services, tools, and communications. 
Franchisees 
While this privacy policy does not apply to data processed solely by our franchisees on their own behalf in connection with restaurants, websites, or applications they own and independently operate, we do share information with our franchisees to ensure you have a seamless experience. For instance, we share information with our franchisees if you make an order through our services for pickup at a franchise restaurant. 
Vendors Acting on Our Behalf 
We may share your information with vendors who help with our business operations, such as fraud investigations, bill collection, payment processing, gift card support, analytics, operations, and delivery of marketing communications. 
Government and Law Enforcement 
We may share your information as required or permitted by law, including sharing with governmental agencies, law enforcement, or authorized third parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other party to legal liability. 
Business Transactions 
We may share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company. 
Other Entities 
We may disclose your information to other parties at your request or if you otherwise provide your consent to such disclosure. 
Your Options 
When it comes to your information, you have options. Wendy's wants to make sure you are informed about those options when it comes to trusting us with your information. You may have the ability to update your communication and marketing preferences and to review, and update or change the information you have provided to us. Certain consumers, such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia residents, may have additional legal rights as explained below. 
Update Your Communication and Marketing Preferences 
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can opt out of future marketing communications by following the instructions provided in those communications, for instance, in the unsubscribe link footer of your Wendy's Mail. You may also change your communications preferences by logging in and accessing your account settings at order.wendys.com. Opting out of marketing communications will not affect our administrative communications to you (e.g., communications about your transactions or policy changes). 
Review, Update, or Change Your Information 
If you have a MyWendy's account, you may review, update, and change the information you provide to us at any time by accessing your account settings. 
Location Tracking 
You may be able to enable or disable location tracking by adjusting the permissions on your device. Be aware that if precise location services are disabled, other means of establishing or estimating location (e.g., connecting to Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, beacons, or our networks) may persist. 
Wendy's Mobile App Permissions and Uninstallation 
You may be able to enable or disable certain features related to our mobile app (e.g., location tracking and push notifications) by adjusting the permissions on your device. If you do not want to continue to provide us information through the mobile app, you may uninstall our mobile app from your device. If you want to delete your MyWendy's account, you can do so in the settings of the mobile app or call us toll-free at 1 (888) 624-8140. 
Some folks like to order on our mobile app (and we like it when they do!). While this privacy policy is intended to explain the entirety of our privacy practices, we also have a Mobile Apps Policy which explains our privacy practices and information collection as it relates to the mobile app only. Check it out and then order yourself some nuggs! 
Your Cookie and Other Tracking Technology Choices 
We and third-party vendors may use first-party cookies or other first-party identifiers, as well as third-party cookies or other third-party identifiers, to deliver advertisements, create a profile about you, measure your interests, detect your demographics, detect your location, and personalize content. 
Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a "Do Not Track" signal when you visit various websites or use online services. Like many websites and online services, Wendy's services are not designed to respond to "Do Not Track" signals received from browsers. To learn more about "Do Not Track" signals, you may wish to visit website_url_lnk
To find out more about how these third-party tracking technologies manage the privacy of information in conjunction with delivering ads online, and how to opt-out of information collection by these networks, please visit: youradchoices.com , aboutads.info/appchoices, optout.networkadvertising.org, or networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice. 
We may also use certain third-party web analytics services, such Google Analytics, to help us understand and analyze how visitors use our services. We use this information to implement Google advertising features such as remarketing with analytics, interest-based advertising, demographics and interests reporting, user segment analysis, and impression reporting. For more information on how Google Analytics uses data collected through the Wendy's services, visit: website_url_lnk To opt out of Google Analytics cookies, visit: website_url_lnk and website_url_lnk
Children's Privacy 
Our online services are not intended for children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect information online from children under the age of 16. If we become aware that we have obtained information from a child under the age of 16 we will delete such information in accordance with applicable law. 
International Consumer Privacy 
While our franchisees operate in countries around the world, Wendy's only owns and operates restaurants in the United States and the United Kingdom. To support these operations, the majority of our computer systems, networks, and devices are currently based in the United States. Accordingly, personal information we obtain through our services may be processed in the United States. By accessing our services, you consent to the collection and processing of your personal information in the United States. For more information on our personal data processing in connection with our operations in Canada visit here or the United Kingdom visit here. 
California Consumer Privacy Notice 
The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and together with related regulations the "CCPA") is a state law intended to enhance privacy rights and Consumer protection for residents of California. This California notice supplements the other parts of our privacy policy and provides additional information for California Consumers. In the event of a conflict between any other Wendy's policy, statement, or notice and this California notice, this California notice will prevail as to California Consumers' rights under the CCPA. Capitalized terms defined in the CCPA that are used in this California notice shall have the same meaning as in the CCPA. Unless otherwise noted, the disclosures contained within this California notice cover our activities in the prior 12 months from the Effective Date as well as our current practices. 
The CCPA defines Personal Information as information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or household. 
Under the CCPA, California Consumers have certain rights that they may exercise independently or through an authorized agent. CCPA rights requests are subject to an identification and verification process. We will not fulfill a CCPA request unless we have been provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify the identity of the requestor and the validity of the request. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise any of the rights provided by the CCPA. We encourage you to take an active role in the management of your privacy. 
California Consumer Privacy Act 
In accordance with CCPA's requirements, this notice describes our collection, use, and disclosure, and the sources and purposes thereof, of California Consumers' Personal Information, as well as the rights California Consumers have under the CCPA. 
This California notice applies to California Consumers that visit restaurants or otherwise use our services. If you are a current employee of Wendy's, you may view our California employee notice by visiting WeConnect. If you are an applicant of Wendy's please visit here to view our California notice. If you are a franchisee applicant please visit here to view your California notice. 
For more information on how we process Sensitive Data, please see the "Sensitive Personal Information" section. If you would like to view our purposes for processing each category of Personal Data we collect, please review the chart titled "How and Why We Collect Your Personal Information". 
Categories of Recipients with whom Personal Information is Disclosed
We disclose Personal Information as described above in Section 3. 
Sources of Personal Information 
We collect Personal Information directly from you, your devices or browser, vendors that assist us with providing our services and running our internal business operations, social media platforms, and other data vendors. 
Retention of Personal Information 
Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we will only retain your Personal Information (which includes the categories of Personal Information set forth in the charts and sections above) for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, as required to satisfy any legal obligations, or as necessary to resolve disputes. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes we process your Personal Information for, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. We will maintain certain types of Personal Information for a limited duration. 
Selling and Sharing of Personal Information 
We may Sell and Share with Third Parties for cross-context behavioral advertising the following categories of Personal Information: identifiers 
We may Sell and Share with Third Parties for cross-context behavioral advertising the following categories of Personal Information: internet or other electronic network activity information
We may Sell and Share with Third Parties for cross-context behavioral advertising the following categories of Personal Information: geolocation data 
We Sell and Share this Personal Information for advertising purposes to Third Parties. The Third Parties to whom this Personal information was Sold and Shared are advertisers and analytics vendors. When we use the term Sell, Sold, or Sale we mean for valuable consideration and not monetary value. 
We offer you the ability to opt-out of these Sales and Sharing as set forth in the "Opt Out" Section below. 
Consumer Rights
The CCPA gives California Consumers certain rights right to know about Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, Shared, or Sold
You have the right to know about your Personal Information that we are currently maintaining and have Collected and disclosed in the 12-month period prior to the date you submit your request. You also have the right to obtain a transportable copy of such Personal Information. Requests of this nature may be made no more than twice in a 12-month period. Please note that we retain Personal Information for various time periods in accordance with applicable law and our internal recordkeeping policies and procedures. 
Right to Know 
California Consumers have the right to request more information regarding the following: the categories of Personal Information we have Collected about you 
California Consumers have the right to request more information regarding the following: the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was Collected 
California Consumers have the right to request more information regarding the following: our Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting, Selling, or Sharing your Personal Information 
California Consumers have the right to request more information regarding the following: the categories of Third Parties to which we disclosed your Personal Information 
California Consumers have the right to request more information regarding the following: the categories of Personal Information we Sold or Shared about you and the categories of Third Parties to which each category of Personal Information was Sold or Shared 
California Consumers have the right to request more information regarding the following: the categories of Personal Information we disclosed about you for a Business Purpose and the categories of recipients to which it was disclosed 
California Consumers have the right to request more information regarding the following: the specific pieces of Personal Information we have Collected about you 
Right to request deletion of Personal Information 
You may request that we delete your Personal Information that we have Collected directly from you and are currently maintaining. Please note, however, that we may have a legal basis for retaining certain Personal Information under the CCPA, despite your request. Requests of this nature may be made no more than twice in a 12-month period. 
Right to opt-out of the Sale and Sharing of Personal Information 
We engage in Sales and Sharing via tracking technologies such as cookies and SDKs through our services. You have the right to opt-out of the Sale and Sharing of your Personal Information in the context of cookies or other tracking technologies. To opt out of Sale and Sharing via cookies and other tracking technologies, please click here.
You may also opt out of the Sale and Sharing of your Personal Information via cookies and other tracking technologies through an opt-out preference signal. In order to process your request through an opt-out preference signal, you must use a browser supporting the preference signal. If you choose to use an opt-out preference signal, you will need to turn it on for each browser and each device you use. 
Right to correct Personal Information 
You may request that we correct Personal Information that we maintain about you if you believe such Personal Information is inaccurate. We may request documentation from you in connection with your request. We will also require you (or your agent) to be verified before honoring your correction requests. Upon receipt of a verifiable request to correct inaccurate Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the information as you direct. You can also correct certain Personal Information that we maintain about you by logging into your MyWendy's account. 
Right to limit use of your sensitive Personal Information 
We do not use sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for any other reasons besides the permitted Business Purposes. For this reason, we do not treat the Sensitive Personal Information we Collect as subject to a limit use of Sensitive Personal Information request and, therefore, we do not offer a way for you to submit such a request.
Right to non-discrimination for the exercise of your privacy rights 
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise any of the privacy rights described above. 
Exercise CCPA Rights 
You may submit CCPA-related requests to Wendy's by filling out the form here or by calling us toll-free at 1 (888) 624-8140. 
Please note: Before we can fulfill your request, we must be able to verify your identity. We will ask you to provide your email and will use a verification link pushed out through email or will otherwise attempt to verify that we have a record of you in our systems. If we cannot verify your identity, we may not be able to fulfill your request. 
You may authorize an agent to make CCPA-related requests on your behalf. To fulfill requests made by authorized agents, you must provide Wendy's with enough information such that we can verify the authority of the agent. 
Shine the Light 
California law permits customers in California to request certain details about how their personal information is shared with third parties, and in some cases affiliates, if personal information is shared for those third parties' or affiliates' own direct marketing purposes. We do not share personal information with third parties or affiliates for those third parties' or affiliates' own direct marketing purposes. Californians may request information about our compliance with this law by contacting us at privacy@wendys.com or by sending a letter to wendy's International, LLC
One Dave Thomas Boulevard, Dublin, OH 43017, USA 
Attn: Legal Department, Privacy/Shine the Light 
Any such request must include your name and "California Shine the Light Privacy Rights Request" in the first line of the description and, if sent by mail, must include your street address, city, state, and zip code. 
Please note that "Shine the Light" rights and CCPA rights are granted by different laws and must be exercised separately. 
Minors 
California residents under the age of 18 who have registered to use the services, and who have posted content or information on or through the services, can request that such information be removed by contacting us at privacy@wendys.com or by sending a letter stating that they personally posted such content or information and detailing where the content or information is posted, to wendy's International, LLC
One Dave Thomas Boulevard, Dublin, OH 43017, USA 
Attn: Legal Department, Privacy 
We will make a reasonable good faith effort to remove the content from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified. However, this removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive deletion from the Internet. For instance, third parties may have republished the content or archived copies of it may be stored by search engines or other parties that we do not control.
Loyalty Program and Financial Incentive Disclosure for Wendy's Rewards Program 
This financial incentive disclosure applies to the Wendy's Rewards program (the "Program"). You opt into the Program by signing up for a MyWendy's account, which you can terminate at any time by emailing us at customercare@wendys.com. Capitalized terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act or the Colorado Privacy Act that are used in this section shall have the same meaning as in the applicable law. To learn more about the Program, please visit the Wendy's Rewards Terms and Conditions here. 
Wendy's Collects Personal Information to facilitate the Program's operation and provide you with Program benefits. This Personal Information includes your first and last name, email address, and password. You may also provide Wendy's with your physical address, telephone number, credit or gift card number and security code, birthday, communications preferences (via our website), transaction information, and access to your camera and photos. We do not Sell or Process for Targeted Advertising the Personal Information we Collect in connection with the Program. We may disclose the Personal Information identified above to vendors who help us to administer the Program. We do not disclose the Personal Information we Collect in connection with the Program to Data Brokers. Program benefits are provided by Wendy's and not by any Bona Fide Loyalty Program Partners or Third Parties.
Wendy's values the benefits of the Program as the value of rewards given to members, as outlined in the Wendy's Rewards Terms and Conditions, which varies from year to year. Wendy's provides the Program benefits to foster a positive relationship with our members that is invaluable. 
Please note that if you are a California or Colorado consumer and submit a deletion request, we will ask you to confirm that you want to terminate your Program membership (and MyWendy's account). If you choose to retain your Program membership, Wendy's will continue to use your Personal Information to provide the Program and related services or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. 
Please note, however that if you exercise your right to delete, Wendy's will not have enough information about you to provide you with Program benefits. This is because we use your Personal Information to facilitate the operation of the Program and provide you offers and benefits. You can, however, opt-out of non-Program marketing emails and retain your Program account and benefits.
Privacy Notice for Residents of Additional U. S. States
This section provides additional information for residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia (each a "Covered State"), including how to exercise the rights available under Covered State privacy laws. Capitalized terms defined in Covered State privacy laws that are used in this section shall have the same meaning as in the applicable law. 
You can learn more about the Personal Data we Process in the Information We Collect section and the purpose for processing such Personal Data in the How We Use Your Information section above. You can also learn more about our disclosure of Personal Data and the categories of Third Parties we disclose Personal Data to in the With Whom We Share and Disclose Your Information section above. For more information on how we process Sensitive Data, please see the "Sensitive Personal Information" section. If you are a Colorado resident and you would like to view our purposes for processing each category of Personal Data we collect, please review the chart titled "How and Why We Collect Your Personal Information".
We also Process your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising. You have the right to opt out of the Processing of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising, as described below. 
Some of our advertising practices may be considered a "Sale" under certain state privacy laws, such as the Colorado Privacy Act and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. If you are a resident of Colorado or Connecticut, you can opt out of the "Sale" of your Personal Data, which may overlap with your right to opt out of Targeted Advertising.
We may disclose the categories of Personal Data listed below to advertisers and analytics vendors.
Personal Identifiers
Internet Usage Data
Geolocation Data
If you are a resident of a Covered State, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Access. You have the right know the Personal Data that we may hold about you and access such Personal Data. 
If you are a resident of a Covered State, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Correct. You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data. 
If you are a resident of a Covered State, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete certain Personal Data that we have collected from or obtained about you. 
If you are a resident of a Covered State, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Opt Out of Sales. Although we do not Sell Personal Data in exchange for money, some of our advertising practices may be considered a "Sale" under certain state privacy laws, such as the Colorado Privacy Act and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. If you are a resident of Colorado or Connecticut, you have the right to opt-out of the Sale of Personal Data, which may overlap with your right to opt out of Targeted Advertising. You can opt out of Sales by clicking Manage Privacy Preferences in the website footer. We do not Sell your Personal Data as defined under Virginia privacy law, and as such this right is not applicable. 
If you are a resident of a Covered State, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising. You may request that we stop disclosures of your Personal Data for Targeted Advertising by managing your cookie preferences
If you are a resident of a Covered State, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Opt Out of Profiling. You have the right to opt out of our processing of Personal Data for the purposes of profiling. Our profiling does not result in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, and as such this right is not applicable. 
If you are a resident of a Covered State, subject to certain conditions and restrictions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights with regard to your Personal Data: Right to Appeal. If you are unsatisfied with our actions related to the exercise of one of your privacy rights above, you may appeal our decision.
Residents of Covered States may submit their privacy requests using our web form here, or by email to privacy@wendys.com. Please note that, depending on the nature of your request, you may be asked to provide information to verify your identity before your request can be processed. We will confirm receipt of your request and respond to your request as soon as we reasonably can and no later than legally required. We use commercially reasonable efforts to authenticate the identity of the consumer submitting a request. 
If you choose to exercise any of the privacy rights described above, you will not receive discriminatory treatment from us. 
How and Why We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect the categories of Personal Information about California Consumers that are indicated in the chart below. Note that the specific pieces of Personal Information we collect about you may vary depending on the nature of your interactions with us ~~,~~ and may not include all of the examples listed. 
The disclosures below may also apply to Colorado residents.
Category of Personal Information 
Business Purposes for Collection, Use, and Disclosure 
Identifiers such as name, address, email address, birthdate, online identifiers, or other similar identifiers. 
Enhance your experience with our services by remembering your log-in status and viewing preferences from a previous use of our services 
Respond to your requests 
Provide customer service 
Give you information about your account 
Manage web traffic 
Manage your purchases 
Administer surveys, rewards, and promotions 
Guide decisions about Wendy's or third-party products, websites, applications, services, tools, and communications 
Personal Records, such as phone number or payment card information.
Respond to your requests 
Provide customer service 
Give you information about your account 
Manage your purchases 
Improve our products and services 
Payment processing 
Gift card support 
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as age, gender or race and ethnicity. 
Personalize your experience by providing content through our services, including targeted advertising that we believe may be of most interest to you 
Inform marketing practices 
Deliver content relevant to your interests on our services and on other websites and mobile apps 
Customer Account Details/ Commercial information such as purchase history or tendencies. 
Personalize your experience by providing content through our services, including targeted advertising that we believe may be of most interest to you 
Provide customer service 
Give you information about your account 
Manage your purchases 
Internet or other electronic network activity information such as IP address, device identifiers, device advertising identifiers, mobile network, operating system details, language preferences, referring URLs, length of visits, anonymous traffic data, pages viewed, and information regarding interactions with our services or advertisements. 
Enhance your experience with our services by remembering your log-in status and viewing preferences from a previous use of our services 
Guide decisions about Wendy's products, websites, applications, services, tools, and communications 
Operations 
Geolocation data such as real-time information about the approximate location of your device (GPS and network-based). 
To determine which restaurant is closest to you to ensure you place your order from the right restaurant or to provide you relevant offers or promotions. 
Sensory Data such as voice recordings from calls to Customer Care and CCTV footage. 
Provide customer service 
Give you information about your account 
Customer support 
Inferences used to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, and behavior.
Inform marketing practices 
Guide decisions about Wendy's products, websites, applications, services, tools, and communications 
Analytics 
We may also collect Personal Information about you that does not directly fit within one of the categories defined by the CCPA. For example, we collect information you provide such as information about a restaurant visit or transaction when you call Customer Care, use your MyWendy's account, or interact with us on social media or other websites or mobile apps. 
All of the categories of Personal Information described in the above chart may also be disclosed to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities 
All of the categories of Personal Information described in the above chart may also be disclosed to enforce our Terms and Conditions 
All of the categories of Personal Information described in the above chart may also be disclosed to comply with applicable laws and regulations 
All of the categories of Personal Information described in the above chart may also be disclosed to provide our services 
All of the categories of Personal Information described in the above chart may also be disclosed to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud, and data security breaches 
Sensitive Personal Information
We collect the following categories of Sensitive Personal Information: precise geolocation directly from your device if you agreed for your location settings to be utilized to determine which restaurant is closest to you, to ensure you place your order from the right restaurant, and to provide you relevant offers or promotions. We only disclose your precise geolocation to our Service Providers acting on our behalf.
We collect the following categories of Sensitive Personal Information: race and ethnicity data from you when you respond to surveys in order to better understand our customers. We only disclose your race and ethnicity data to our Service Providers acting on our behalf.
We collect the following categories of Sensitive Personal Information: health data directly from you in order to communicate with you regarding a food safety incident.
Note that the specific pieces of Sensitive Personal Information we Collected about you may vary depending on the nature of your interactions with us and may not include all of the categories listed above.
Other Important Information
Wendy's Job Applicants 
If you are interested in applying for a job with Wendy's, please visit our Careers website and review the Applicant Privacy Policy. 
Company Employees in Illinois
If you are a current or former employee of Wendy's* and a resident of Illinois and want a copy of the Company's publicly available Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act policy, please contact us at privacy@wendys.com.
Within the Wendy's system, there are restaurants that are Company-owned and operated, as well as restaurants that are owned and operated by independent franchisees. Franchisees are solely responsible for employment matters at the restaurants that they own and operate, including hiring, firing, discipline, supervisions, staffing, and scheduling employees. Wendy's has no control over employment matters at franchisee restaurants. These policies are specific to employees working for the Wendy's company either in Company-owned and operated restaurants or in field/remote positions.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions 
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions, including those jointly sponsored or offered by third parties, which may require submitting information. If you voluntarily choose to enter a promotion, your information, including personal information, may be disclosed to us, co-sponsors, and other third parties, including for administrative purposes and as required by law. By entering, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may include consent to additional or differing privacy practices from those contained in this privacy policy. Please review those rules carefully. 
Prospective Franchisees 
If you are interested in becoming a Wendy's franchisee, you can complete our Prospective Franchise Questionnaire here. For more information, visit here. 
External Links 
For your convenience, Wendy's services may from time to time include links to websites or other services that are owned or operated by third parties. This privacy policy does not apply to those websites or services, which may have their own privacy policies or notices that you should review to understand how they may collect, use, or disclose your information. Wendy's is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites or services that are operated by third parties. 
Certain platforms, such as third-party social media networks, may permit interactions that you initiate between the Wendy's services and third-party services. Examples include: "liking" or "sharing" Wendy's content; logging in to the Wendy's services using your third-party service account (e.g., using Facebook Login to sign-in to your Wendy's account); and to otherwise connect Wendy's services to a third-party service. 
Information Security 
We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. Although we implement reasonable security measures on our services, you should be aware that we cannot guarantee the security of your information submitted via the Internet. It is your responsibility to make sure that your passwords and account registration information are secure and not shared with third parties. 
Degree of Engagement 
You can engage as little or as much as you want with our services, which means we may get different amounts of information about you depending on your interaction with us. 
Changes to this policy 
From time to time, we may update this privacy policy and indicate changes by updating the "Effective Date" at the top of the policy. 
Your use of Wendy's services after any update to this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes. To the extent any provision of this privacy policy is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable. 
Contact Us 
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may email us at privacy@wendys.com. We want to hear from you!
Consumers:
Wendy's uses tracking technologies such as cookies and SDKs to enhance your user experience and support website functionality. To learn more about Wendy's data processing, please review our Privacy Policy
Continue
Preference Center
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeted Advertising Cookies
Do Not Sell or Share
Privacy Overview
Wendy's leverages tracking technologies such as cookies and SDKs to provide unique content to our customers, better understand product success and consumer behaviors, and provide more personalized advertisements to our customers based on their purchases and other interactions with our services. 
To learn more about Wendy's data processing, please review our Privacy Policy. 
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be turned off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms.
Performance Cookies
Always Active
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
Always Active
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeted Advertising Cookies
Always Active
Advertising cookies are used to understand your personal preferences, and provide you with unique engagements across various platforms such as Facebook or Twitter. Disabling these cookies will cause you to experience less targeted advertising based on your Wendy's interactions. 
Do Not Sell or Share
Always Active
The California Consumer Privacy Act provides California consumers or their agents with the ability to opt out of the "sale" of their personal information. The term "sale" is broad, and includes data sharing with service providers for the purposes of targeted advertising, or analytics of iteractions by third-party partners. Wendy's does not sell our consumers personal information for monetary benefit. 
California consumers may toggle off the "Do not sell" category below to turn off cookies and other tracking technology on our Website that might constitute a sale under the CCPA. 
Wendy's also collects data on our consumers when they create MyWendy's accounts, and order via our Web/Mobile app which is collected directly from you rather than through cookies and tracking technology. To Opt-Out of the "Sale" or sharing of your personal data for "Offline" data, please click this link to submit a Do Not Sell Request. 
To learn more about these rights and how Wendy's supports your rights, please read through our Privacy Policy and CCPA Notice
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent Leg. Interest
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
checkbox label label
Clear
checkbox label label
Apply Cancel
Close