Woolworths Group Privacy Centre
We know how important your privacy is to you. And it's important to us too. That's why we've created the Woolworths Group Privacy Centre, a central destination where you can learn all about how your personal information is handled under the Woolworths Group Privacy Policy.
We care deeply about your privacy 
When you trust us with your personal information, we're committed to keeping it safe and secure and using it responsibly.
We want to make every effort to help you understand how your personal information is collected, used and shared securely at Woolworths Group. Because when we do the right thing today, we can help create a better tomorrow.
We put people first
We respect the person behind the data, honour their choices and understand the impact of our decisions. 
We strive for better
We deliver beneficial outcomes that promote fairness, avoid harm and build trust.
We are accountable
We are responsible for our decisions and their outcomes, even if unintended. 
We are transparent
We are clear and can explain what we do and why we do it in order to meet individual and community expectations.
We challenge ourselves
We are champions of curiosity, challenge and collaboration. We advocate diversity. 
Our principles 
We're committed to doing the right thing, and we're guided by our principles to use your data responsibly at Woolworths Group.
Our brands 
We create better experiences together for a better tomorrow 
As a Group, we are focused on creating sustainable long-term value for our customers, team members, shareholders, suppliers and the broader community by being purpose-led to create better experiences together for a better tomorrow.
So you can be sure we are committed to managing your data responsibly, no matter which brand you use and trust.
Woolworths 
Read more 
Woolworths is Australia's largest supermarket retailer, providing customers with superior service, range, value and convenience.
Everyday Rewards 
Read more 
Everyday Rewards is the loyalty program that allows our members to enjoy extra grocery and lifestyle benefits by regularly shopping with us.
Big W 
Read more 
One of Australia's most loved brands, we offer an extensive range of great quality products for adults, kids, home, leisure and everyday life.
Everyday Insurance 
Read more 
Everyday Insurance offers a range of covers across Car, Home, Landlords and Pet Insurance.
Everyday Mobile from Woolworths 
Read more 
Everyday Mobile from Woolworths Mobile phone plans plus ways to save as an Everyday Rewards member.
Woolworths Credit Cards 
Read more 
The Woolworths Credit Card rewards you for the everyday things that you buy.
HealthyLife 
Read more 
Get expert-led health advice, tips, free programs and tools and collect Everyday Rewards points* on vitamins, health food, personal care, beauty, home & living and more when you shop. 
Exclusions apply.
Everyday Market from Woolworths 
Read more 
Everyday Market is an online marketplace designed to compliment the existing food and grocery range at Woolworths.com.au, with a key focus on aisle extension in the household appliances, baby, toys, pet care, health and beauty categories.
Everyday Pay 
Read more 
Everyday Pay is the secure way to collect points and pay everyday. Located within the Everyday Rewards app, Everyday Pay is available in-store at Woolworths Supermarket, Metro and BIG W nationwide.
Cartology 
Read more 
Cartology is one of Australia's leading retail media businesses, powered by Woolworths Group. Cartology provides targeted omnichannel marketing solutions and closed loop reporting to help brands grow. With Cartology, brands can drive real customer impact in the moments that matter most, because at Cartology, we get customers.
Woolworths Metro 
Read more 
Woolworths Metro makes sure that you've always got the option to walk by and pick up something fresh to eat for all your meals and snacks.
MILKRUN 
Read more 
Metro60 is now MILKRUN. Groceries delivered in minutes.
Woolworths Gift Cards 
Read more 
There's a Gift Card for everyone. With over 40+ Gift Cards, it's easy to find the perfect gift.
Woolworths at Work 
Read more 
Woolworths at Work is a whole new business grown to take care of business, from fresh food and kitchen supplies to cleaning and office essentials. Our free business solutions will help save time, drive efficiencies and add real value, from consolidated invoicing to help reduce paperwork, to spend visibility and powerful insights across your entire business' fresh and essentials purchases to help inform decisions. Woolworths at Work, the smart way to buy for business.
Show more
Looking after your personal information 
Find out how we collect, use, protect and share your personal information, like your name, date of birth or email address. 
Collecting your personal information 
Generally, we collect your personal information directly from you when you activate or use our services, or when you interact with us in person, online, or over the phone. 
We may collect your personal information from third parties to help improve the products and services we provide, protect your information, or manage fraud. 
Discover more
Using your personal information 
We use your personal information to send you offers, fulfil your online orders, and to customise and improve your experience at Woolworths Group. 
In some cases, we also use your personal information to improve your experience by producing insights to understand your preferences and shopping patterns. 
Discover more
Protecting your personal information 
We take the protection of your personal information seriously. We design our systems with the protection of your security and privacy in mind. 
We store your personal information in a secure environment and it's protected through a range of security measures and encryption methods. 
Discover more
Sharing your personal information 
We sometimes share preferences and insights with Everyday Rewards Partners, suppliers and service providers without revealing who you are. 
There are limited circumstances when we do share your personal information in a form that can identify you. 
Discover more
Cookies and digital identifiers 
We use cookies and digital identifiers to improve your browsing experience and customise what you see online. 
Discover more
Top tips to protect your information 
We have security measures in place to protect your personal information. 
There are also some simple steps you can take to give yourself extra protection online. 
Woolworths Group Privacy Policy 
This document outlines the way we collect, hold, secure, use and share your personal information.
Read Privacy Policy
Woolworths Group Cookies Statement 
Our Cookies Statement makes it easy to understand what cookies are, how we use them to improve your experience on our websites and your options to control them on your devices.
Read Cookies Statement
Our documents. Your privacy. 
If you want any more information about how your personal information is handled under the Woolworths Group Privacy Policy, you're welcome to check out our policy documents. 
You can also access the Collection Notice for each of our brands on their respective websites.
More advice and support 
There are various organisations across Australia that can provide you with more guidance, information and resources on how to protect your personal information. 
The OAIC 
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner is the independent regulator for privacy and freedom of information, and provides guidance on how to protect your personal information. 
Find out more
IDCARE 
IDCARE, Australia and New Zealand's national identity and cyber support service, can help if you have concerns about identity fraud. 
Find out more
Scamwatch 
Run by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, Scamwatch provides information, tools and resources to help you recognise, avoid and report scams. 
Find out more
Get in touch 
If you want to access or update your personal information, or make an enquiry or complaint about your privacy, please contact our Privacy Office using the contact details below. 
Email address.
privacy@woolworths.com.au 
Phone
1300 908 631 
Postal address.
Privacy Office 
Woolworths Group Limited
PO Box 8000 
Baulkham Hills NSW 2153