Error
All Contracts
User Terms And Conditions
Privacy Notice
Worldcoin Developer Portal Terms
Data Collection Agreement
Cookie Policy
P2P Marketplace Terms and Conditions
DCP / Grants Terms / Non-US Persons
User Terms And Conditions
Version 3.10
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Tools For Humanity User Terms And Conditions
Welcome to the Worldcoin community! Worldcoin is an open-source protocol supported by a global community of developers, individuals, and other contributors. Tools for Humanity is a global software and hardware development company building the tools to bring blockchain and digital identity technologies and products to billions of people, including by contributing to the development and growth of the Worldcoin ecosystem. 
These Terms between you and Tools for Humanity Corporation, a Delaware corporation (collectively with our affiliates, "TFH", "we" or "us") govern your use of and access to our websites and applications, including World App and the Operator App (collectively, the "Apps"), and all of the associated functionality, content, and services we provide to you (collectively, the "Services") in relation to the Worldcoin protocol ("Worldcoin"). 
Please read these Terms carefully before using or accessing the Services. By accessing or using any of the Services we provide, you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms and by our Privacy Notice, which is incorporated as a part of these Terms.
Please note these especially important parts of these Terms you agree to resolve any disputes between you and TFH through binding arbitration rather than in court. Please review Section 15 below for details.
Crypto products, including Digital Tokens, are largely unregulated and can be highly risky. There may be no regulatory recourse for any loss from such transactions.
Nothing in the Services constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities or Digital Tokens. The Services do not constitute investment advice. Holding, buying, or selling any Digital Tokens (as defined in Section below) may not be permitted where you live, and it is your responsibility to comply with all applicable law. Please consider whether buying, selling, using, or holding Digital Tokens is suitable for you in light of your financial circumstances and your understanding of Digital Tokens. The value Digital Tokens may change quickly and may lose all of their value. 
In addition, Worldcoin tokens ("WLD") are not intended to be available for use, purchase, or access by US persons, including US citizens, residents, or persons in the United States, or companies incorporated, located, or resident in the United States, or who have a registered agent in the United States. We do not make WLD available to such US persons. Furthermore, you agree that you will not sell, transfer or make available WLD to US persons. 
Further information on risks associated with WLD can be found here. 
Scope of the Terms
Privacy and Your Data. When accessing the Apps, you may provide us with categories of personal information, such as your name or telephone number. If you provide information to establish your proof of personhood and to claim your WLD tokens, then you may provide special categories of sensitive personal data, such as your biometric information. Our Privacy Notice describes the data we collect from you and how we use it. Please do not use the Services if you do not want us to collect or use your data in the manner described in the Privacy Notice. 
Eligibility. In order to use the Services, you must comply with these Terms and all applicable laws. You cannot use the Services to conduct, promote, or help others to carry out any illegal activity.
In addition, you must meet all of the following criteria: you are 18 years of age or older; and
In addition, you must meet all of the following criteria: you are not located in, under the control of, a national, or resident of: Syria, the Crimea, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine, Russia, North Korea, Iran, Cuba, or any other country or region with whom the United States, the European Union, or any other country or jurisdiction has restricted the access of the Services.
In addition, you must meet all of the following criteria: you are not a "Specially Designated National" as declared by the U. S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") or the sanctions lists of any other country, and your name is not on the U. S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List or the banned persons lists of any other country.
If you do not meet all of these requirements, you are not allowed to access or use the Services. 
Availability. Webpages describing the Services are accessible worldwide, but this does not mean all Services or service features are legal or available in your country. Access to certain Services (or certain Service features) in certain countries may be blocked by us or foreign governments. Access to the Orb and our Orb Operators will not be available in Texas, Illinois, Washington, Portland, OR, and Baltimore, MD. You may not use VPN or similar tools for the purpose of circumventing any restrictions. Access to the Apps, and certain features within the Apps, may be unavailable or restricted, depending on your location. It is your responsibility to make sure that your use of the Services is legal where you use them. Services are not available in all languages. 
Updates. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we do this, we will make the updated terms available on the Services. You understand and agree that your continued use of the Services after we have made any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the updated Terms. You can stop using the Services at any time if you do not agree to these Terms. Because the Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.
Additional Terms. Additional terms and conditions may apply to specific applications, content, features, or portions of the Services, and all such additional terms and conditions we provide to you will form part of these Terms.
Services
Non-Custodial Wallet
World App includes an unhosted and non-custodial wallet for holding supported cryptocurrencies, non-fungible tokens (NFTs), digital currencies, or digital assets (including WLD and collectively, "Digital Tokens"). You control the Digital Tokens held in the wallet. With World App, the private keys (which represent the password to access the cryptocurrency) are stored directly on your device. At any time, subject to having internet access and the congestion on the blockchain, you may withdraw your Digital Tokens by sending them to a different blockchain address. When holding your Digital Tokens in the wallet, we do not maintain control over your wallet, Digital Tokens, or private keys. Users are responsible for the risk of loss of their private keys and neither TFH nor World App is able to recover such keys.
As World App is a non-custodial wallet, you will be given a wallet address which specifies where your Digital Tokens are held on the corresponding blockchain. Your wallet address can be accessed by other non-custodial wallet solutions.
Supported Digital Tokens
World App supports ERC-20 tokens. We may add support for additional Digital Tokens in the future. You can see which Digital Tokens are supported by us within World App. 
You understand that sending non-supported Digital Tokens to World App wallet address may mean you will entirely lose access to those Digital Tokens. We have no way of recovering Digital Tokens sent to the wrong wallet address. Please be sure you are sending the correct Digital Tokens to the correct wallet address at all times, and always test a transaction with a small amount of Digital Tokens.
Offerings and Access
When you interact with your Digital Tokens, such as sending them to another blockchain address or connecting to a distributed application, using the Services, you will be required to approve or "sign" the interaction via the devices you have identified during the onboarding process. The Apps fully relies upon your approvals from these devices to initiate interactions with the relevant blockchain. You understand that you are interacting directly with the relevant blockchain when you perform these interactions, and that we are not responsible for transmitting orders on your behalf. 
Information about Third Parties
By using the Services you may have access to information pertaining to your Digital Tokens, such as, but not limited to, their current market value. The presentation of this information does not imply any association with or endorsement of third parties, even if certain functionalities provided in connection with the Services require the use of such third-party products. The content of such third-party services and products as stated via the Services is based on information made publicly available or by such third parties to us, and we therefore make no representations or warranties on the accuracy of such third-party service or product related information.
Third-Party Services
The Services may provide you with links to third-party processors to process transactions such as fiat purchases of Digital Tokens, sale of Digital Tokens, exchange of Digital Tokens, and other functionalities which may be available in the future. You can see what third-party services are available within World App. When you perform these transactions, you are making transactions with third parties and not us. You must follow the relevant instructions provided by the third-party provider and accept their terms of service. We do not take control of or transmit your funds or Digital Tokens at any time while providing our Services, or when you access third-party services.
Peer-to-Peer Transactions
The Services enable you to send supported Digital Tokens to, and request, receive, and store supported Digital Tokens from, third parties by initiating transactions through the Services. Your transfer of supported Digital Tokens between your other blockchain wallets and to and from third parties is a transfer. When you or a third party sends Digital Tokens to your wallet address, the person initiating the transaction is solely responsible for executing the transaction properly, which may include, among other things, payment of sufficient network or miner's fees in order for the transaction to be successful. Insufficient network fees may cause a transfer to remain in a pending state and may result in delays or loss incurred as a result of an error in the initiation of the transaction. We have no obligation to assist in the remediation of such transactions. When you send any Digital Token from your wallet to another blockchain wallet, such transfers are executed on chain by you and not under our control. You should verify all transaction information prior to submitting them. We bear no liability or responsibility in the event you enter an incorrect blockchain destination address. Digital Token transfers cannot be reversed once they have been broadcast to the relevant blockchain network, although they may be in a pending state, and designated accordingly, while the transaction is processed by network operators. We do not control the network and make no guarantees that a transfer will be confirmed by the network.
P2P Marketplace
Where available, we offer a P2P Marketplace to buy and sell certain Digital Tokens. The P2P Marketplace is governed by supplemental terms, found here. 
Decentralized Applications
We may have functionality enabling you to connect your wallet to various decentralized applications. You are solely responsible for ensuring the safety and security of these third-party applications. We have no control over third-party applications and cannot provide support for any problems you may encounter when connecting with third-party applications.
Customer Support
We provide customer support for assistance with certain features and functions in connection with the Services. To get in touch, select "Support" from the in-app menu. 
World ID Protocol
The Worldcoin Foundation controls the World ID Protocol. We may make the World ID Protocol available to you through the Service. The World ID Protocol allows you to prove you are a real and unique human being while protecting your privacy. 
By signing-up for World ID, you confirm that you have never signed up to World ID before, and that you are only signing up one time. While we make every effort to ensure that World ID is accurate, there is no guarantee that the service is 100% reliable and accurate. In addition, there is the possibility of a false positive occurring when you try to sign up to World ID for the first time. By using World ID, you agree to all of the terms and conditions found herein, including the terms set out by the Worldcoin Foundation. 
Learn to Earn
We may make certain informational materials and quizzes available to you in World App ("L2E"). After completing a L2E course, you may receive Digital Assets as a reward. The information provided in the L2E feature is for informational purposes only, and may not be entirely complete, accurate, or up-to-date. We are not responsible for any content in the L2E feature, and you should not rely on information contained therein. 
The reward provided within the L2E feature is a nominal and discretionary amount of Digital Assets we provide to you. You must have a World ID to participate in L2E and receive the rewards. You are solely responsible for complying with all obligations in relation to the reward you receive, including tax obligations. We may suspend the L2E feature at any time without notice to you. 
WLD Grants & Reservations
Once you have successfully signed up for World ID we may allow you to claim a small amount of WLD at different intervals ("WLD Grants"). If you have not yet signed up for World ID, we may allow you to reserve WLD Grants in advance ("WLD Reservations"). WLD Grants and WLD Reservations are provided by World Assets Limited, a subsidiary of the Worldcoin Foundation. Exact amounts, intervals, and timings of both WLD Grants and WLD Reservations will be specified in World App, but are determined solely by World Assets Limited. By allowing you to claim WLD Reservations, we make no guarantee that you will receive any amount of WLD Grants. WLD Reservations may expire, with or without prior notice in World App, regardless of whether you have already made a WLD Reservation or received the associated WLD Grant. They are revocable at our sole discretion. 
Operator App
For Orb Operators and other partners, we make available an Operator App that allows you to monitor certain activity and statistics relevant to you and your business as Orb Operators. We may also make certain features available to help you conduct your business as Orb Operators.
Purchases, Fees, and Taxes
Transaction Fees. By using the Services, you agree to pay all applicable fees, including transaction fees for Digital Token swaps and transactions. We will let you know of any applicable fee before you make a transaction. If you use a third party payment service, bank fees, credit card and debit card fees charged for any Digital Token purchases may be netted out of the settled amount of your Digital Token purchases. You are also responsible for paying any additional fees charged by your financial service provider. 
Network Fee. Interactions with the blockchain also incur a network fee. The network fee is charged by and paid to the blockchain network, not to us, for facilitating any interactions. 
Taxes. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether, and to what extent, any taxes apply to any transaction via the Services, and to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct amount of tax to the appropriate tax authorities. 
Updates. All fees are displayed and current as reflected in the Services and may be updated and changed from time to time.
Risk Factors
Not Legal Tender. Digital Tokens are not legal tender, are not backed by any government, and Digital Token accounts and value balances on the Services are not subject to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Securities Investor Protection Corporation protections, or similar protections found in other countries. We are not a bank and do not offer fiduciary services. Transactions made over World App are largely unregulated in many countries. We make no guarantee as to the functionality of the blockchains we support, which could, among other things, lead to delays, conflicts of interest, or operational decisions by third parties that are unfavorable to certain owners of Digital Tokens, or lead to your inability to complete a transaction using the Services. The transaction details you submit via the Services may not be completed, or may be substantially delayed on the applicable blockchain, and we take no responsibility for the failure of a transaction to be confirmed or processed as expected. There are no warranties or guarantees that a transfer initiated via the Services will successfully transfer title or right in any Digital Token. In addition, there may be risks specific to the use of certain Digital Assets, such as WLD. Further information on risks specific to WLD can be found here. 
New Technology. The Services are new. While this software has been extensively tested, the software used for the Services is still relatively new and could have bugs or security vulnerabilities. Further, the software is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time that may not meet users' expectations.
Information Security Risk. Digital Tokens and use of the Services may be subject to expropriation or theft. Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Services in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, because the blockchain networks we support, such as the Ethereum protocol, rest on open source software, the software underlying the Services may contain intentional or unintentional bugs or weaknesses which may negatively affect the Services or result in the loss of user's Digital Tokens or the loss of user's ability to access or control her wallet via the Services. In the event of such a software bug or weakness, there may be no remedy and users are not guaranteed any remedy, refund or compensation.
Accuracy. Although we intend to provide accurate and timely information provided through the Services (including, without limitation, the content) may not always be entirely accurate, complete or current and may also include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. In an effort to continue to provide you with as complete and accurate information as possible, information may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be changed or updated from time to time without notice, including without limitation information regarding our policies, products and services. Accordingly, you should verify all information before relying on it, and all decisions based on information provided through the Services are your sole responsibility and we shall have no liability for such decisions. 
Availability. Although we strive to provide you with excellent service, we do not guarantee that the Services will be available without interruption. The Services may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons. We assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user communications. We are not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on the Services or combination thereof, including injury or damage to users or to any other person's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the Services. We are not responsible for any loss or damage, financial damages or lost profits, loss of business, or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of the Service, any Content posted on or through the Service or transmitted to users, or any interactions between users of the Services, whether online or offline.
Forks. The software used to create WLD is open-source and free for anyone to copy and use. This means that anyone can create a modified version of WLD, otherwise known as a "Fork." In the event of a Fork or any other disruption of a Digital Tokens network, we may not be able to support any activity related to the Fork. Transactions may not be completed, completed partially, incorrectly completed, or substantially delayed when a Fork occurs. We are not responsible for any losses you incur which are caused in whole or in part by a Fork or other network disruption.
Third Party Services. We rely upon third party service providers to provide some features and functionality within the Apps, for instance the ability to purchase Digital Assets with fiat currency, or the ability to swap one Digital Asset for another. We do not provide these services, and we are not party to any such transaction. You are solely relying upon third party providers for these services, and you must have an account with the third party providers and agree to their terms. We are unable to assist you if you encounter problems using their service, and we are not responsible for any transactions you make using third party providers. 
Intellectual Property.
Ownership. Our software, the application, the Services, the Content, the Marks (as defined below) and the design, selection, and arrangement of the Content in the Services (the "IP") are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property rights and laws of the United States and other applicable countries. You agree to abide by all applicable intellectual property rights and laws, as well as any trademark or copyright notices or restrictions contained in the Agreement or the Services. You may not remove any copyright, trademark, or proprietary notices contained in the IP. 
Trademarks. The Tools for Humanity Corporation name, the Worldcoin name and design, the "Seven Hands" logo and all related logos, and slogans are trademarks or service marks of the Tools for Humanity Corporation or its licensors (the "Marks"). You may not copy, imitate, or use the Marks, in whole or in part, without our written permission. All other trademarks, names, or logos mentioned in connection with the Services are the property of their respective owners and you may not copy, imitate, or use them, in whole or in part, without the written permission of the applicable trademark owner. The inclusion of any marks of others in the Services does not constitute an approval, endorsement, or recommendation by us.
License and Restrictions
License. Provided that you are eligible to use the Services and subject to your compliance with these Terms, we hereby grant you a limited license to access and use the Services.
License Restrictions. You may not republish Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or incorporate the information in any other database or compilation, and any other use of the Content is strictly prohibited. Any use of the Services other than as specifically authorized herein, without our prior written permission, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms are construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable by us at any time without notice and with or without cause.
Government. If you are a U. S. Government end user, we are licensing the Services to you as a "Commercial Item" as that term is defined in the U. S. Code of Federal Regulations (see 48 C. F. R. § 2.101), and the rights we grant you to the Services are the same as the rights we grant to all others under these Terms.
Acceptable Use
You may use the Services only for your own personal use. We reserve the right at all times and in our sole discretion to review, cancel or suspend your access to or use of the Services. The items on the Prohibited Uses list are only examples and the list is not exhaustive; we may add or remove prohibited uses at our sole discretion. 
Prohibited Uses include illegal Activity: Any activity that would violate, or assist in the violation of, any sanctions programs administered by OFAC; violate, or assist in the violation of, any laws in the countries where we conduct business; involve proceeds of any illegal activity; or publish, distribute, or disseminate any illegal material or information.
Prohibited Uses include excessive Use or Hacking: Any activity that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; detrimentally interferes with, intercepts, or expropriates any system, data, or information; transmits or uploads any material to the Services that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, or any other harmful or deleterious programs; or attempts to gain unauthorized access to the computer systems or networks connected to the Services.
Prohibited Uses include abuse of Others: Any activity that interferes with another person's access to or use of the Services; defames, abuses, extorts, harasses, stalks, threatens, or otherwise violates or infringes upon another person's privacy, intellectual property, or any other legal rights; incites, threatens, facilitates, promotes, or encourages hatred, racial intolerance, or violent acts against others; or harvests, scrapes, or collects another user's data from the Services without permission.
Prohibited Uses include fraud and Other Unfair Business Practices: Any activity that operates to defraud us, our users, or any other person; provides any false, inaccurate, or misleading information to us; promises unreasonably high rewards or sells a service without added benefit to the buyer; or furthers other predatory and deceptive practices including unlawful lotteries, raffles, bidding fee auctions, contests, sweepstakes, gambling, or any other game of chance.
Prohibited Uses include intellectual Property Infringement: Any activity that involves the sale, distribution, or provision of access to counterfeit music, movies, software, or other licensed materials without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder; uses the IP (including the Mark) without express consent or in a manner that otherwise harms us or our brand; implies an untrue endorsement by or affiliation with us; or infringes or violates any copyright, trademark, right of publicity or privacy, or any other proprietary right under the law.
Prohibited Uses include 8. Orb Operators
We partner with local independent contractors called "Orb Operators," who facilitate user signups and help answer questions you may have about us. These Orb Operators have received training and are knowledgeable about Worldcoin. However, we have no control over and disclaim all liability for what they say or how they conduct themselves. Orb Operators are not our agents or employees in any way. Any effort, feature, process, policy, standard, or other efforts undertaken by TFH in the interest of its users do not indicate an employment or agency relationship with an Orb Operator. 
Suspension
We may suspend and restrict your access to the Services: We are so required by a facially valid subpoena, court order, or binding order of a government authority; We reasonably suspect you of using the Service in connection with a Prohibited Use; Use of your using the Services is subject to any pending litigation, investigation, or government proceeding and we perceive a heightened risk of legal or regulatory non-compliance associated with your activity; Our service partners are unable to support your use; You take any action that we deem as circumventing our controls.
Not an Offering of Securities or Commodity Interest
The content of the Services does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell investments, securities, partnership interests, commodities or any other financial instruments; the content or the Services also do not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorized or permitted, or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.
Content
Reliance on Content; Changes to the Services. The information and material we provide to you through the Services ("Content") are solely for general information purposes, and we do not guarantee its accuracy, usefulness, or completeness. Any reliance you place on our Content is strictly at your own risk. We have no liability or responsibility for any actions you take or do not take because of the Content, or for anyone with whom you share the Content. Other users' statements describing their use of our Services found on the Services or anywhere else should not be viewed as our endorsement of their statements if the statements are inconsistent with these Terms or our Content. We may update the Content from time to time, but such Content may not be complete or up-to-date, and we are under no obligation to you to update the Content or any other part of the Services. We may modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of the Content or Services without prior notice to you. We will not be liable for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of part or all of the Content or the Services.
Third-Party Services and Content. We may provide links to educational materials, webinars, meet-ups, and promotions on social media platforms ("Third-Party Services") that enable sharing and collaboration among users and other third parties. If you share any personal information, pictures, opinions, content, or any other data on those services, you do so at your own risk, and your use of those services is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those services, and not ours. You should review the terms of services of each Third-Party Service to better understand your rights, and the manner in which those platforms use your data. We are not responsible for any loss, theft, compromise, or misuse of your data whatsoever in connection with any Third-Party Service (including negligence) except to the extent such liability cannot be limited under applicable laws. Your use of any information provided by a Third-Party Service ("Third-Party Content") is at your own risk, and we make no promises to you that any Third-Party Content is accurate, complete, authentic, or appropriate for your personal circumstances. Third-Party Content includes information provided by other users not specifically endorsed by us.
User Content. As a member of the Worldcoin community, you may post messages, data, software, images, videos, or other content ("User Content") on message boards, blogs, social media accounts owned by us, as well as various other publicly available locations on the Services. These forums may be hosted by us or a Third-Party Service Provider on our behalf. You are responsible for all User Content you submit, upload, post, or store through the Services. You must provide all required and appropriate warnings, information, and disclosures regarding your User Content. We are not responsible for any User Content you submit through the Services.
User Content License. By submitting User Content to us, you represent that you have all necessary rights to the User Content and you thereby grant us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works from, modify, display, and perform all or any portion of the User Content in connection with our marketing and promotions, and for any other legitimate business purpose related to the Services. We may redistribute part or all of and derivative works from your User Content in any media formats and through any media channels we choose. You also hereby grant us and other users a non-exclusive license to use, access, reproduce, distribute, modify, and display, and perform your User Content through the Services.
User Content Restrictions. You agree not to use, nor permit any third party to use, the Services to post or transmit any User Content that: is libelous or defamatory, or discloses private or personal matters concerning any person; is indecent, obscene, pornographic, harassing, threatening, abusive, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive; encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; would violate the intellectual property rights of others, including unauthorized copyrighted text, images or programs, trade secrets or other confidential proprietary information, or trademarks or service marks used in an infringing fashion; or unreasonably interferes with another user's use of the Services. You represent to us that you are posting User Content to the Services voluntarily; accordingly, posting User Content does not create an employer-employee relationship between you and us. You may not copy or use email addresses, mobile phone numbers, balances, usernames, or any other personal information about other users without their permission. Unsolicited emails, mailings, telephone calls, or other communications to other users through the Services or in any other channel are prohibited.
Complaints and DMCA Takedowns. If you believe that your trademark or copyrighted work is being infringed by our Content or User Content on the Services or is otherwise being published in a way suggesting some endorsement of or affiliation with us, please send an email to us at legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com with the subject line "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," whichever the case may be. For your complaint to be effective and in order for us to take action under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), you must follow all DMCA requirements by including the following information in your email: clear identification of the copyrighted work or mark claimed to be infringed, including the Copyright Registration number if the work is registered.
Complaints and DMCA Takedowns. If you believe that your trademark or copyrighted work is being infringed by our Content or User Content on the Services or is otherwise being published in a way suggesting some endorsement of or affiliation with us, please send an email to us at legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com with the subject line "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," whichever the case may be. For your complaint to be effective and in order for us to take action under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), you must follow all DMCA requirements by including the following information in your email: identification of the work or mark that is claimed to be infringing and that you want removed.
Complaints and DMCA Takedowns. If you believe that your trademark or copyrighted work is being infringed by our Content or User Content on the Services or is otherwise being published in a way suggesting some endorsement of or affiliation with us, please send an email to us at legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com with the subject line "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," whichever the case may be. For your complaint to be effective and in order for us to take action under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), you must follow all DMCA requirements by including the following information in your email: the URL or other clear direction to enable us to locate the alleged infringing content.
Complaints and DMCA Takedowns. If you believe that your trademark or copyrighted work is being infringed by our Content or User Content on the Services or is otherwise being published in a way suggesting some endorsement of or affiliation with us, please send an email to us at legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com with the subject line "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," whichever the case may be. For your complaint to be effective and in order for us to take action under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), you must follow all DMCA requirements by including the following information in your email: your email address, mailing address, and telephone number; and
Complaints and DMCA Takedowns. If you believe that your trademark or copyrighted work is being infringed by our Content or User Content on the Services or is otherwise being published in a way suggesting some endorsement of or affiliation with us, please send an email to us at legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com with the subject line "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," whichever the case may be. For your complaint to be effective and in order for us to take action under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), you must follow all DMCA requirements by including the following information in your email: a signed statement that you have a good faith belief that the content is infringing, that the information you are providing is correct, and that you are the owner or authorized to represent the owner of the content.
You should also be aware that under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly sends meritless notices of infringement may be liable for damages, so please do not make any false claims. We may share any information or correspondence you provide us with third parties, including the person who uploaded the allegedly infringing material to the Service.
When we receive a bona fide infringement notice, our policy is to: immediately remove or disable access to the infringing content; notify the person who uploaded the infringing material that we have removed or disabled access to the material; and for repeat offenders, terminate the person's access to the Services. If we receive a counter-notice from such a person, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to you explaining that we may restore the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless you file an action seeking a court order against us or against the person who uploaded the content, we will restore access to the removed material in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our discretion.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 
Your use of the Services is at your own risk. The Services, WLD, the content and all other IP are provided on an "AS-IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis without any representation or warranty, whether express, implied, or statutory. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we specifically disclaim any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement as to the features, content, or other IP contained in the Services. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. We do not endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any advertisements, offers, or statements made by third parties, including other users concerning the Services.
We do not make any representations or warranties that access to all or part of the Services will be continuous, uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; that the Services or content are accurate, complete, reliable, or current; that the Services are free of viruses or other harmful components; or that the Services or the content will meet your requirements, needs, or expectations.
Additionally, we do not make any representations or warranties with respect to the legality of the Services or WLD for any use case, or that the Services or WLD will meet any regulatory or compliance needs. You are solely responsible for determining and complying with all legal and regulatory restrictions and requirements that may govern your use of the Services or WLD. Except for the express statements set forth in these Terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree that you have not relied upon any other statement or understanding, whether written or oral, with respect to your access to and use of the Services or WLD.
We are not acting and cannot act as your advisor with respect to any financial, legal, investment, or tax matters. Any content speaks only as of the date indicated. Any projections, estimates, forecasts, targets and opinions expressed here are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and so may be incorrect and may change without notice. No content should be relied upon. 
Certain information here may have been obtained from third-party sources. While such sources are believed to be reliable, we have not independently verified all such information and make no representations as to its accuracy. We are not a registered broker-dealer or investment adviser. We make no representations, and specifically disclaim all warranties, express, implied, or statutory, regarding the accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of any material contained in the Services. Our content is for general information only, and you are solely responsible for determining whether or not to use the Services. You acknowledge that trading, using, and holding Digital Tokens is inherently risky. You may lose all of the funds in your wallet. You acknowledge that the Service may be subject to export restrictions and economic sanctions imposed by U. S. law.
We are not liable to you or any third party for any modification or termination of the Services, or suspension or termination of your access to the Services. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We don't exclude or limit our liability to you where it would be illegal to do so. In countries where the below types of exclusions aren't allowed, we're responsible to you only for losses and damages that are a reasonably foreseeable result of our failure to use reasonable care and skill or our breach of our contract with you. This paragraph doesn't affect consumer rights that can't be waived or limited by any contract or agreement.
To the extent permitted by law, you agree that under no circumstances will we or any of our officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, affiliates, or subsidiaries (the "TFH Parties") be liable to you for any indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages, including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible property, whether such liability is asserted on the basis of tort or otherwise, and whether or not the TFH Parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages arising out of or in connection with: your use or inability to use the Services, your Digital Tokens, or the Worldcoin network; inaccessibility or termination of the Services; any hacking, tampering, unauthorized access to or alteration of any transaction or your Data; any transaction or agreement entered into by you with any third party through the Services; any activities or communications of third parties; the actions of Orb Operators, any loss of the value of any Digital Tokens; any Third-Party Content accessed on or through the Services; errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies in our Content; personal injury or property damage of any nature whatsoever resulting from any access to or use of the Services; viruses, trojan horses, or the like that may be transmitted to or through the Services; or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party. This limitation of liability will apply whether the damages arise from use or misuse of, or reliance on TFH or the Services, notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws.
Under no circumstances will the TFH Parties be liable to you for any direct claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses, or costs in an amount exceeding $100.00. If you are dissatisfied with the Services, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy will be for you to discontinue your use of the Services. This limitation of liability will apply to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 
Release and Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the TFH Parties from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities, reasonable attorneys' fees, and expenses brought against a TFH Party by any third party arising out of or related to: your use of the Services; your violation of these Terms; your violation of any rights of another person; your conduct in connection with the Services; or your use of WLD, any Digital Tokens, or the Worldcoin network. Some jurisdictions limit consumer indemnities, so some or all of the indemnity provisions in this paragraph may not apply to you. If you are obligated to indemnify any of the TFH Parties, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether to settle and on what terms.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, you waive the benefits and protections of California Civil Code § 1542, which provides: "[a] general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party."
Governing Law
If you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), then the law of the Federal Republic of Germany will apply to this Agreement and any disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement. If you reside outside of the EEA, then the laws of the State of California will apply to this Agreement and any disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement. The governing law stated in this section will apply without regard to principles of conflict of laws. You further agree that the Service will be deemed to be based solely in the State of California, and that although the Services may be available in other jurisdictions, its availability does not give rise to general or specific personal jurisdiction in any forum outside the State of California.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION, ARBITRATION AND WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS CAREFULLY. THEY REQUIRE YOU TO SETTLE DISPUTES WITH US THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION BEFORE A SOLE ARBITRATOR, AND NOT AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS ACTION. ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING US IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL, THOUGH YOU MAY BRING A DISPUTE AGAINST US IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT IF YOU QUALIFY. 
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator will apply applicable statutes of limitation and all applicable law and will honor claims of privilege recognized by applicable law.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): if you reside in the EEA, then the Dispute will be solely and finally settled by arbitration administered by the German Arbitration Institute in accordance with DIS Rules of Arbitration. Arbitration will occur in Berlin, Germany, unless you and we both agree to conduct it elsewhere. You agree that the courts in Berlin, Germany are the proper forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for court proceedings in the event that this Agreement's binding arbitration clause is found to be unenforceable.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): if you reside outside the EEA, then the Dispute will be solely and finally settled by arbitration administered by JAMS in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules, unless the aggregated amount of the Dispute is $250,000 or more, in which case the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules will apply. Arbitration will occur in San Francisco, California, unless you and we both agree to conduct it elsewhere. You agree that the federal and state courts in San Francisco, California are the proper forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for court proceedings in the event that this Agreement's binding arbitration clause is found to be unenforceable.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): in any arbitration, regardless of its location, the parties will not seek discovery from each other, and the arbitrator will not allow parties to engage in discovery; rather, each party will disclose the evidence supporting their positions at a mutually agreeable time and date prior to the final arbitration hearing.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): this Arbitration Agreement covers the enforceability, revocability, scope, and validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement, and all other Disputes arising out of or related to the interpretation or applicability of the Arbitration Agreement; and all such matters will be decided by the arbitrator and not by a court or judge.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): if the arbitrator or arbitration administrator imposes filing fees or other administrative costs on you, we will reimburse you, upon request, to the extent such fees or costs would exceed those that you would otherwise have to pay if you were proceeding instead in a court. We will also pay additional fees or costs if required to do so by the arbitration administrator's rules or applicable law.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): at the request of either party, all arbitration proceedings will be conducted in utmost secrecy and, in such case, all documents, testimony, and records will be received, heard, and maintained by the arbitrator in secrecy under seal, available for inspection only by the parties, their respective attorneys, and their respective experts, consultants, or witnesses who have agreed, in advance and in writing, to receive all such information as confidential to be used solely for purposes of the arbitration.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): other than class procedures and remedies discussed in this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
We will use our best efforts to resolve any potential disputes through informal, good faith negotiations. If a potential dispute arises, you must contact us by sending an email to legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com so that we can attempt to resolve it without resorting to formal dispute resolution. If we aren't able to reach an informal resolution within 60 days of your email, and you elect to bring a federal or state statutory claim, common law claim, claim based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory, or any other formal proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Content, or the Services (each, a "Dispute"), then you agree to resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration, on an individual basis according to the following terms (collectively, the "Arbitration Agreement"): if the requirement to arbitrate or the prohibition against class actions and other Disputes brought on behalf of third parties contained in this Arbitration Agreement is found to be unenforceable, then only the unenforceable provisions will be deemed to have been removed from these Terms and all remaining obligations in these Terms shall continue in full force and effect.
30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out and not be bound by this Arbitration Agreement by sending an email from the address you used to set up your application with the Subject Line: "ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT. You must send your email within 30 days of agreeing to these Terms, otherwise you will be bound to arbitrate Disputes in accordance with the terms of this Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, we will also not be bound by the Arbitration Agreement.
Changes to this Arbitration Agreement. We will provide you 30 days' notice of any changes to the section of these Terms titled "Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Waiver of Class Action" by notice to you, and the changes will become effective 30 days after you receive notice from us. Changes to the Dispute Resolution, Arbitration and Waiver of Class Action section will otherwise apply prospectively only to Disputes that arise after the 30th day. If a court or arbitrator decides that the changes to this sectionare not enforceable or valid, then the changes will be severed from these Terms and the court or arbitrator will apply the terms of the first Arbitration Agreement in effect after you began using the Services. You may exercise your right to opt out of the new Arbitration Agreement terms by following the procedures set forth in the section above titled "30-Day Right to Opt Out."
This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of these Terms, and your use of the Services.
Notwithstanding anything in this Arbitration Agreement to the contrary, either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or infringement of intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute resolution process described above.
General Provisions
No Waiver; Severability; Non-Assignability. Our failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of our right to do so later. If a provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be void. We may assign our rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.
Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and us with respect to the Services and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, concerning the Services. Section headings in these Terms are for convenience only and will not govern the meaning or interpretation of any provision.
Survival. All provisions of these Terms pertaining to suspension or termination, debts owed to TFH, general use of the Services, Disputes with TFH, as well as provisions which by their nature extend beyond the expiration or termination of these Terms, will survive the termination or expiration of these Terms.
Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in these Terms will be deemed or is intended to be deemed, nor will it cause you and TFH to be treated as partners, joint-venturers, or otherwise as joint associates for profit, and neither you nor TFH will be treated as the agent of the other. This includes the fact that nothing in these Terms establishes or is intended to establish any employment relationship between you and TFH.
No Professional Advice or Fiduciary Duties. All Content provided by us is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as professional advice. You should not take, or refrain from taking, any action based on any information contained in the Services. Before you make any financial, legal, or other decisions involving the Services or any Digital Tokens, you should seek independent professional advice from an individual who is licensed and qualified in the area for which such advice would be appropriate. These Terms are not intended to, and do not, create or impose any fiduciary duties on us. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, you acknowledge and agree that we owe no fiduciary duties or liabilities to you or any other party, and that to the extent any such duties or liabilities may exist at law or in equity, those duties and liabilities are hereby irrevocably disclaimed, waived, and eliminated. You further agree that the only duties and obligations that we owe you are those set out expressly in these Terms.
Change of Control. In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, or otherwise assigns certain functions to an affiliated or successor entity or other entity that we determine is in the best interest of Users, then we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the Data we have collected from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
Force Majeure. We will not be liable for delays, failure in performance, or interruption of service that result directly or indirectly from significant market volatility in Digital Tokens, any act of God, acts of civil or military authorities, acts of terrorists, civil disturbances, war, strike, health emergency, labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment or software, or any cause or condition beyond our reasonable control (each, a "Force Majeure Event"). The occurrence of a Force Majeure Event will not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of these Terms.
App Stores. Where you download our Apps from any app store or distribution platform other than the Apple App Store, including the Google Play Store (the "Distribution Platform") you agree that the Terms are between you and us, and not with the provider of the Distribution Platform ("Store Provider").
App Stores. Where you download our Apps from any app store or distribution platform other than the Apple App Store, including the Google Play Store (the "Distribution Platform") you agree that your use of the Apps must comply with the Store Provider's then-current Distribution Platform Terms of Service.
App Stores. Where you download our Apps from any app store or distribution platform other than the Apple App Store, including the Google Play Store (the "Distribution Platform") you agree that the Store Provider is only a provider of the Distribution Platform where you obtained the Apps.
App Stores. Where you download our Apps from any app store or distribution platform other than the Apple App Store, including the Google Play Store (the "Distribution Platform") you agree that we, and not the Store Provider, are solely responsible for the Apps.
App Stores. Where you download our Apps from any app store or distribution platform other than the Apple App Store, including the Google Play Store (the "Distribution Platform") you agree that the Store Provider has no obligation or liability to you with respect to the Apps or the Terms; and
App Stores. Where you download our Apps from any app store or distribution platform other than the Apple App Store, including the Google Play Store (the "Distribution Platform") you agree that you acknowledge and agree that the Store Provider is a third-party beneficiary to the Terms as it relates to the Apps.
Apple App Store. This section applies where the Apps have been acquired from the Apple App Store. You acknowledge and agree that the Terms are solely between you and us, not Apple, Inc. ("Apple") and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apps or content thereof. Your use of the Apps must comply with the App Store Terms of Service.
You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apps. In the event of any failure of the Apps to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and (where applicable) Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apps to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apps, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by the Terms and any law applicable to us as provider of the Apps.
You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apps or your possession and use of the Apps, including, but not limited to: product liability claims; any claim that the Apps fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed solely by the Terms and any law applicable to us as provider of the software.
You acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Apps or your possession and use of that Apps infringe that third party's intellectual property rights, TFH, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by the Terms.
You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to U. S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U. S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and you are not listed on any U. S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You and TFH acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of the Terms of Service as relates to your license of the Apps, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms of Service, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Terms of Service as relates to your license of the Apps against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
Grievance Redressal. We have appointed a Grievance Officer for India as detailed below. Please note that the Grievance Officer contact should only be contacted by users in India as per India's Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021. Additional user verification may be requested.
Grievance Officer: Jannick Preiwisch
EMAIL ID: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Nutzungsbedingungen für Tools For Humanity
Willkommen in der Worldcoin-Community! Worldcoin ist ein Open-Source-Protokoll, das von einer globalen Gemeinschaft von Entwicklern, Einzelpersonen und anderen Mitwirkenden unterstützt wird. Tools for Humanity ist ein globales Software- und Hardware-Entwicklungsunternehmen, das die Tools entwickelt, um Milliarden von Menschen Blockchain- und digitale Identitätstechnologien und -produkte bereitzustellen, unter anderem durch die Mitwirkung bei der Entwicklung und dem Wachstum des Worldcoin-Ökosystems. 
Diese Bedingungen der Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und der Tools for Humanity Corporation, einer Gesellschaft nach dem Recht des US-Bundesstaats Delaware, (zusammen mit unseren verbundenen Unternehmen "TFH", "wir" oder "uns") regeln Ihre Nutzung und Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Websites und Anwendungen, einschließlich der World App und der Betreiber-App (zusammen die ""Apps"") und alle damit verbundenen Funktionen, Inhalte und Dienste, die wir Ihnen im Zusammenhang mit dem Worldcoin-Protokoll ("Worldcoin") bereitstellen (zusammen die "Dienste"). 
Bitte lesen Sie sich diese Bedingungen aufmerksam durch, bevor Sie die Dienste nutzen oder darauf zugreifen. Durch den Zugriff oder die Nutzung der von uns bereitgestellten Dienste erklären Sie sich ausdrücklich damit einverstanden, an diese Bedingungen und unsere Datenschutzerklärung, die als Teil dieser Bedingungen hierin aufgenommen wird, gebunden zu sein.
Bitte beachten Sie diese besonders wichtigen Teile dieser Bedingungen sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und TFH durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren und nicht vor Gericht beigelegt werden. Einzelheiten entnehmen Sie bitte Abschnitt 15 unten.
Kryptoprodukte, einschließlich digitaler Tokens, sind weitgehend unreguliert und können sehr riskant sein. Es kann sein, dass für Verluste aus solchen Transaktionen keine regulatorischen Regressmöglichkeiten bestehen.
Die Dienste stellen weder ein Angebot zum Verkauf noch eine Aufforderung zum Kauf von Wertpapieren oder digitalen Tokens dar. Die Dienste stellen keine Anlageberatung dar. Der Besitz, der Kauf oder Verkaufen von digitalen Tokens (wie in Abschnitt unten definiert) ist an Ihrem Wohnort möglicherweise nicht gestattet, und es liegt in Ihrer Verantwortung, alle geltenden Gesetze einzuhalten. Bitte prüfen Sie, ob der Kauf, der Verkauf, die Verwendung oder der Besitz von digitalen Tokens angesichts Ihrer finanziellen Umstände und Ihres Verständnisses von digitalen Tokens für Sie geeignet ist. Der Wert von digitalen Tokens kann sich schnell ändern und sie können ihren Wert vollkommen verlieren. 
Darüber hinaus sind Worldcoin-Tokens ("WLD") nicht für die Verwendung, den Kauf oder den Zugriff durch US-Personen vorgesehen, einschließlich US-Bürgern, Einwohnern oder Personen in den Vereinigten Staaten oder Unternehmen, die in den Vereinigten Staaten gegründet wurden oder ihren Sitz oder einen registrierten Vertreter in den Vereinigten Staaten haben. Wir stellen solchen US-Personen WLD nicht zur Verfügung. Darüber hinaus verpflichten Sie sich, WLD nicht an US-Personen zu verkaufen, zu übertragen oder zugänglich zu machen. 
Weitere Informationen zu Risiken im Zusammenhang mit WLD finden Sie hier. 
Gegenstand der Bedingungen
Datenschutz und Ihre Daten. Wenn Sie auf die Apps zugreifen, stellen Sie uns möglicherweise Kategorien personenbezogener Daten, wie Ihren Namen oder Ihre Telefonnummer, zur Verfügung. Wenn Sie Informationen zur Verfügung stellen, um Ihren Menschlichkeitsnachweis zu erbringen und Ihre WLD-Tokens zu beanspruchen, stellen Sie möglicherweise besondere Kategorien sensibler personenbezogener Daten, wie z. Ihre biometrischen Informationen, zur Verfügung. In unserer Datenschutzerklärung ist vorgesehen, welche Daten wir von Ihnen erheben und wie wir diese verwenden. Bitte nutzen Sie die Dienste nicht, wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass wir Ihre Daten in der in der Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Weise erheben oder nutzen. 
Berechtigung. Um die Dienste nutzen zu können, müssen Sie diese Bedingungen und alle geltenden Gesetze einhalten. Sie dürfen die Dienste nicht nutzen, um illegale Handlungen auszuführen, zu fördern oder anderen dabei zu helfen.
Darüber hinaus müssen Sie alle der folgenden Kriterien erfüllen sie sind mindestens 18 Jahre alt; und
Darüber hinaus müssen Sie alle der folgenden Kriterien erfüllen sie befinden sich nicht in einem der folgenden Länder bzw. Orte oder unterliegen deren Kontrolle oder sind Staatsangehöriger oder Einwohner eines der folgenden Länder bzw. Orte: Syrien, die Krim, Donezk, Luhansk, Cherson und Saporischschja in den Regionen der Ukraine, Russland, Nordkorea, Iran, Kuba oder einem anderen Land oder einer anderen Region, aus dem/der die Vereinigten Staaten, die Europäische Union oder ein anderes Land oder eine andere Rechtsordnung den Zugriff auf die Dienste verboten hat.
Darüber hinaus müssen Sie alle der folgenden Kriterien erfüllen sie sind vom U. S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") oder den Sanktionslisten eines anderen Landes nicht zu einem "Specially Designated National" erklärt worden und Ihr Name steht nicht auf der Denied Persons List des U. S. Department of Commerce oder den Listen verbotener Personen eines anderen Landes.
Wenn Sie nicht alle diese Anforderungen erfüllen, dürfen Sie nicht auf die Dienste zugreifen oder diese nutzen. 
Verfügbarkeit. Webseiten, die die Dienste beschreiben, sind weltweit zugänglich, aber dies bedeutet nicht, dass alle Dienste oder Dienstfunktionen in Ihrem Land legal oder verfügbar sind. Der Zugriff auf bestimmte Dienste (oder bestimmte Dienstfunktionen) in bestimmten Ländern kann von uns oder ausländischen Regierungen blockiert werden. Der Zugang zu Orb und zu unseren Orb Operators wird in Texas, Illinois, Washington, Portland, OR, und Baltimore, MD, nicht verfügbar sein. Sie dürfen kein VPN oder ähnliche Tools verwenden, um Einschränkungen zu umgehen. Der Zugriff auf die Apps und bestimmte Funktionen innerhalb der Apps kann je nach Ihrem Standort nicht verfügbar oder eingeschränkt sein. Es liegt in Ihrer Verantwortung, sicherzustellen, dass die Nutzung der Dienste dort, wo Sie sie nutzen, legal ist. Die Dienste sind nicht in allen Sprachen verfügbar. 
Aktualisierungen. Wir können diese Bedingungen von Zeit zu Zeit ändern. Wenn wir dies tun, stellen wir die aktualisierten Bedingungen in den Diensten zur Verfügung. Sie verstehen und stimmen zu, dass die weitere Nutzung der Dienste Ihrerseits, nachdem wir solche Änderungen vorgenommen haben, Ihre Zustimmung zu den aktualisierten Bedingungen darstellt. Sie können die Nutzung der Dienste jederzeit einstellen, wenn Sie diesen Bedingungen nicht zustimmen. Da sich die Dienste im Laufe der Zeit weiterentwickeln, können wir die Dienste jederzeit und ohne Vorankündigung nach unserem alleinigen Ermessen ganz oder teilweise ändern oder einstellen.
Zusätzliche Bedingungen. Für bestimmte Anwendungen, Inhalte, Funktionen oder Teile der Dienste können zusätzliche Bedingungen gelten, und alle diese zusätzlichen Bedingungen, die wir Ihnen zur Verfügung stellen, sind Teil dieser Vereinbarung.
Dienste
Nicht verwahrende Wallet
Die World App enthält eine nicht gehostete und nicht verwahrende Wallet zum Führen von unterstützten Kryptowährungen, nicht fungiblen Tokens (NFTs), digitalen Währungen oder digitalen Vermögenswerten (einschließlich WLD und zusammen "digitale Tokens"). Die digitalen Tokens, die sich in der Wallet befinden, stehen unter Ihrer Kontrolle. Mit der World App werden die privaten Schlüssel (die das Passwort für den Zugriff auf die Kryptowährung darstellen) direkt auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert. Sie können Ihre digitalen Tokens jederzeit, vorbehaltlich des Internetzugangs und der Überlastung der Blockchain, zurückziehen, indem Sie sie an eine andere Blockchain-Adresse senden. Wenn Sie Ihre digitalen Tokens in der Wallet aufbewahren, behalten wir keine Kontrolle über Ihre Wallet, digitalen Tokens oder privaten Schlüssel. Die Benutzer sind für das Risiko des Verlusts ihrer privaten Schlüssel verantwortlich, und weder TFH noch die World App können die Schlüssel wiederherstellen.
Da es sich bei der World App um eine nicht verwahrende Wallet handelt, erhalten Sie eine Wallet-Adresse, die angibt, wo sich Ihre digitalen Tokens in der entsprechenden Blockchain befinden. Auf Ihre Wallet-Adresse können andere nicht verwahrende Wallet-Lösungen zugreifen.
Unterstützte digitale Tokens
Die World App unterstützt ERC-20-Tokens. Wir können in Zukunft möglicherweise weitere digitale Tokens unterstützen. Sie können sehen, welche digitalen Tokens von uns in der World App unterstützt werden. 
Sie verstehen, dass das Senden nicht unterstützter digitaler Tokens an Ihre World App-Wallet-Adresse bedeuten kann, dass Sie den Zugriff auf diese digitalen Tokens vollständig verlieren. Wir haben keine Möglichkeit, digitale Tokens, die an die falsche Wallet-Adresse gesendet wurden, wieder zurückzuholen. Bitte stellen Sie sicher, dass Sie immer die richtigen digitalen Tokens an die richtige Wallet-Adresse senden, und testen Sie eine Transaktion immer mit einer kleinen Menge digitaler Tokens.
Angebote und Zugriff
Wenn Sie mithilfe der Dienste mit Ihren digitalen Tokens interagieren, z. wenn Sie sie an eine andere Blockchain-Adresse senden oder sich mit einer verteilten Anwendung verbinden, müssen Sie die Interaktion über die Geräte, die Sie während des Onboarding-Verfahrens gewählt haben, genehmigen oder "unterzeichnen". Die Apps verlassen sich vollständig auf Ihre Genehmigungen von diesen Geräten, um Interaktionen mit der entsprechenden Blockchain einzuleiten. Sie verstehen, dass Sie direkt mit der entsprechenden Blockchain interagieren, wenn Sie diese Interaktionen durchführen, und dass wir nicht für die Übermittlung von Aufträgen in Ihrem Namen verantwortlich sind. 
Informationen über Dritte
Durch die Nutzung der Dienste erhalten Sie möglicherweise Zugriff auf Informationen, die sich auf Ihre digitalen Tokens beziehen, wie unter anderem deren aktuellen Marktwert. Die Präsentation dieser Informationen impliziert keine Verbindung mit Dritten oder eine Empfehlung Dritter, selbst wenn bestimmte Funktionalitäten, die in Verbindung mit den Diensten bereitgestellt werden, die Verwendung von Produkten Dritter erfordern. Der Inhalt der Dienste und Produkte Dritter, der über die Dienste angegeben wird, beruht auf Informationen, die allgemein verfügbar sind oder uns von den Dritten zur Verfügung gestellt werden, und wir erteilen daher keinerlei Zusicherungen oder Gewährleistungen für die Zuverlässigkeit der Dienste oder produktbezogenen Informationen Dritter.
Drittanbieterdienste
Die Dienste können Ihnen Links zu externen Auftragsverarbeitern zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen bieten, wie den Kauf von digitalen Tokens gegen Fiat-Währung, den Verkauf von digitalen Tokens, den Tausch von digitalen Tokens und andere Funktionen, die in Zukunft verfügbar sein können. Sie können sehen, welche Drittanbieterdienste in der World App verfügbar sind. Wenn Sie diese Transaktionen ausführen, tätigen Sie Transaktionen mit Dritten und nicht mit uns. Sie müssen die entsprechenden Anweisungen des Drittanbieters befolgen und dessen Nutzungsbedingungen akzeptieren. Wir übernehmen zu keiner Zeit die Kontrolle über Ihre Gelder oder digitalen Tokens, während wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen oder wenn Sie auf Drittanbieterdienste zugreifen.
Peer-to-Peer-Transaktionen
Die Dienste ermöglichen es Ihnen, unterstützte digitale Tokens an Dritte zu senden und diese anzufordern, zu empfangen und zu speichern, indem Sie Transaktionen über die Dienste einleiten. Die Übertragung von unterstützten digitalen Tokens zwischen Ihren anderen Blockchain-Wallets und an und von Dritten ist eine Übertragung. Wenn Sie oder ein Dritter digitale Tokens an Ihre Wallet-Adresse senden, trägt die Person, die die Transaktion einleitet, die alleinige Verantwortung für die ordnungsgemäße Ausführung der Transaktion, was unter anderem die Zahlung ausreichender Netzwerk- oder Miner-Gebühren beinhalten kann, damit die Transaktion erfolgreich ausgeführt wird. Unzureichende Netzwerkgebühren können dazu führen, dass eine Übertragung ausstehend bleibt, und zu Verzögerungen oder Verlusten infolge eines Fehlers bei der Einleitung der Transaktion führen. Wir sind nicht verpflichtet, bei der Behebung solcher Transaktionen zu helfen. Wenn Sie ein digitales Token aus Ihrer Wallet an eine andere Blockchain-Wallet senden, werden die Übertragungen von Ihnen in der Chain ausgeführt und stehen nicht unter unserer Kontrolle. Sie sollten alle Transaktionsinformationen überprüfen, bevor Sie sie bestätigen. Wir übernehmen keine Haftung oder Verantwortung für den Fall, dass Sie eine falsche Blockchain-Zieladresse eingeben. Übertragungen von digitalen Tokens können nicht rückgängig gemacht werden, sobald sie an das entsprechende Blockchain-Netzwerk gesendet wurden, auch wenn sie ausstehend bleiben können und entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, während die Transaktion von Netzwerkbetreibern bearbeitet wird. Wir haben keine Kontrolle über das Netzwerk und garantieren nicht, dass eine Übertragung durch das Netzwerk bestätigt wird.
P2P Marketplace
Sofern verfügbar, bieten wir einen P2P Marketplace zum Kauf und Verkauf bestimmter digitaler Tokens an. Für den P2P Marketplace gelten zusätzliche Bedingungen, die hier zu finden sind. 
Dezentrale Anwendungen
Möglicherweise verfügen wir über Funktionen, mit denen Sie Ihre Wallet mit verschiedenen dezentralen Anwendungen verbinden können. Sie tragen die alleinige Verantwortung dafür, die Sicherheit dieser Drittanbieteranwendungen zu gewährleisten. Wir haben keine Kontrolle über Anwendungen von Drittanbietern und können keine Unterstützung für Probleme bieten, die bei der Verbindung mit Anwendungen von Drittanbietern möglicherweise auftreten.
Kundendienst
Wir bieten einen Kundendienst zur Unterstützung für bestimmte Eigenschaften und Funktionen in Verbindung mit den Diensten. Wählen Sie "Support" aus dem Menü in der App, um sich mit dem Kundendienst in Verbindung zu setzen. 
2,10 World ID Protocol
Die Worldcoin Foundation kontrolliert das World ID Protocol. Wir können Ihnen das World ID Protocol über den Dienst zur Verfügung stellen. Mit dem World ID Protocol können Sie beweisen, dass Sie ein echter und einzigartiger Mensch sind, und gleichzeitig Ihre Privatsphäre schützen. 
Durch die Registrierung bei World ID bestätigen Sie, dass Sie sich noch nie bei World ID angemeldet haben und dass Sie sich nur einmal registrieren. Obwohl wir alle Anstrengungen unternehmen, um sicherzustellen, dass die World ID richtig ist, gibt es keine Garantie dafür, dass der Dienst zu 100 % zuverlässig und genau ist. Darüber hinaus besteht die Möglichkeit eines falsch positiven Ergebnisses, wenn Sie versuchen, sich zum ersten Mal bei World ID zu registrieren. Durch die Verwendung von World ID stimmen Sie allen hierin enthaltenen Bedingungen zu, einschließlich der von der Worldcoin Foundation festgelegten Bedingungen. 
Lernen zum Verdienen
Wir können Ihnen bestimmte Informationsmaterialien und Quizze in der World App ("L2E") zur Verfügung stellen. Nach Abschluss eines L2E-Kurses können Sie digitale Vermögenswerte als Belohnung erhalten. Die in der L2E-Funktion bereitgestellten Informationen dienen nur zu Informationszwecken und sind möglicherweise nicht vollständig, genau oder aktuell. Wir sind nicht für Inhalte in der L2E-Funktion verantwortlich und Sie sollten sich nicht auf die darin enthaltenen Informationen verlassen. 
Die im Rahmen der L2E-Funktion bereitgestellte Belohnung ist ein nominaler und diskretionärer Betrag an digitalen Vermögenswerten, die wir Ihnen zur Verfügung stellen. Sie müssen über eine World ID verfügen, um an L2E teilzunehmen und die Belohnungen zu erhalten. Sie sind allein verantwortlich für die Einhaltung aller Verpflichtungen in Bezug auf die Prämie, die Sie erhalten, einschließlich steuerlicher Verpflichtungen. Wir können die L2E-Funktion jederzeit ohne Vorankündigung aussetzen. 
WLD-Zuschüsse & -Reservierungen
Sobald Sie sich erfolgreich für World ID registriert haben, können wir Ihnen erlauben, eine kleine Menge WLD in verschiedenen Intervallen ("WLD-Zuschüsse") zu beanspruchen. Wenn Sie sich noch nicht für World ID registriert haben, können wir Ihnen erlauben, WLD-Zuschüsse im Voraus zu reservieren ("WLD-Reservierungen"). WLD-Zuschüsse und WLD-Reservierungen werden von World Assets Limited bereitgestellt, einer Tochtergesellschaft der Worldcoin Foundation. Die genauen Beträge, Intervalle und Zeiträume für WLD-Zuschüsse und WLD-Reservierungen werden in der World App angegeben, aber ausschließlich von World Assets Limited festgelegt. Indem wir Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, WLD-Reservierungen zu beantragen, übernehmen wir keine Garantie dafür, dass Sie WLD-Zuschüsse in beliebiger Höhe erhalten werden. WLD-Reservierungen können mit oder ohne vorherige Ankündigung in der World App ablaufen, unabhängig davon, ob Sie bereits eine WLD-Reservierung vorgenommen oder den zugehörigen WLD-Zuschuss erhalten haben. Sie sind nach unserem alleinigen Ermessen widerruflich. 
Betreiber-App
Für Orb Operators und andere Partner stellen wir eine Betreiber-App zur Verfügung, mit der Sie bestimmte Aktivitäten und Statistiken überwachen können, die für Sie und Ihr Unternehmen als Orb-Operatoren relevant sind. Wir können Ihnen auch bestimmte Funktionen zur Verfügung stellen, die Sie bei Ihren Geschäften als Orb Operator unterstützen.
Käufe, Gebühren und Steuern
Transaktionsgebühren. Durch die Nutzung der Dienste erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, alle anfallenden Gebühren zu zahlen, einschließlich Transaktionsgebühren für den Tausch von digitalen Tokens und zugehörige Transaktionen. Wir werden Sie über alle anfallenden Gebühren informieren, bevor Sie eine Transaktion ausführen. Wenn Sie einen Zahlungsdienst eines Drittanbieters nutzen, können Bankgebühren, Kreditkarten- und Debitkartengebühren, die für Käufe von digitalen Tokens erhoben werden, mit dem für Ihre Käufe von digitalen Tokens beglichenen Betrag saldiert werden. Sie sind auch für die Zahlung aller zusätzlichen Gebühren verantwortlich, die von Ihrem Finanzdienstleister erhoben werden. 
Netzwerkgebühr. Für Interaktionen mit der Blockchain wird ebenfalls eine Netzwerkgebühr erhoben. Die Netzwerkgebühr wird vom Blockchain-Netzwerk, nicht uns, für die Ermöglichung von Interaktionen in Rechnung gestellt und an dieses gezahlt. 
Steuern. Es liegt in Ihrer alleinigen Verantwortung, festzustellen, ob und in welchem Umfang Steuern für Transaktionen über die Dienste anfallen, und den richtigen Steuerbetrag einzubehalten, einzuziehen, zu melden und an die zuständigen Steuerbehörden abzuführen. 
Aktualisierungen. Alle Gebühren werden in den Diensten zum aktuellen Wert angegeben und können von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisiert und geändert werden.
Risikofaktoren
Kein gesetzliches Zahlungsmittel. Digitale Tokens sind kein gesetzliches Zahlungsmittel, werden von keiner Regierung unterstützt und für Konten und Wertsalden zu digitalen Tokens in den Diensten bestehen keine Schutzmaßnahmen der Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, der Securities Investor Protection Corporation oder ähnliche Schutzmaßnahmen, die in anderen Ländern zu finden sind. Wir sind keine Bank und bieten keine treuhänderischen Dienstleistungen an. Transaktionen, die über die World App getätigt werden, sind in vielen Ländern weitgehend unreguliert. Wir übernehmen keine Garantie für die Funktionalität der von uns unterstützten Blockchains, die unter anderem zu Verzögerungen, Interessenkonflikten oder operativen Entscheidungen durch Dritte führen könnten und für bestimmte Eigentümer von digitalen Tokens ungünstig sind oder zur Unmöglichkeit der Ausführung einer Transaktion mithilfe der Dienste führen könnten. Die Transaktionsdaten, die Sie über die Dienste übermitteln, sind in der jeweiligen Blockchain möglicherweise nicht vollständig oder kommen dort mit erheblicher Verzögerung an, und wir übernehmen keine Verantwortung, wenn eine Transaktion nicht erwartungsgemäß bestätigt oder bearbeitet wird. Es gibt keine Gewährleistungen oder Garantien dafür, dass eine über die Dienste eingeleitete Übertragung zur erfolgreichen Übertragung des Eigentums oder Anspruchs an einem digitalen Token führt. Darüber hinaus kann die Nutzung bestimmter digitaler Vermögenswerte, wie z. WLD, mit besonderen Risiken verbunden sein. Weitere Informationen zu WLD-spezifischen Risiken finden Sie hier. 
Neue Technologie. Die Dienste sind neu. Obwohl diese Software umfassend getestet wurde, ist die für die Dienste verwendete Software immer noch relativ neu und könnte Fehler oder Sicherheitsschwachstellen aufweisen. Darüber hinaus befindet sich die Software noch in der Entwicklung und kann im Laufe der Zeit erheblichen Änderungen unterzogen werden, die möglicherweise nicht den Erwartungen der Benutzer entsprechen.
Informationssicherheitsrisiko. Digitale Tokens und die Nutzung der Dienste können entwendet oder gestohlen werden. Hacker oder andere böswillige Gruppen oder Organisationen können versuchen, die Dienste auf verschiedene Weise zu stören, wie unter anderem durch Malware-Angriffe, Denial-of-Service-Angriffe, konsensbasierte Angriffe, Sybil-Angriffe, Smurfing und Spoofing. Da die von uns unterstützten Blockchain-Netzwerke, wie z. das Ethereum-Protokoll, auf Open-Source-Software beruhen, kann die den Diensten zugrunde liegende Software ferner absichtliche oder unbeabsichtigte Fehler oder Schwächen enthalten, die die Dienste beeinträchtigen oder zum Verlust der digitalen Tokens von Benutzern oder zum Verlust der Möglichkeit der Benutzer, über die Dienste auf ihre Wallet zuzugreifen oder diese zu kontrollieren, führen können. Im Falle eines solchen Softwarefehlers oder einer solchen Schwäche gibt es möglicherweise keine Abhilfe und den Nutzern wird keine Abhilfe, Rückerstattung oder Entschädigung garantiert.
Genauigkeit. Obwohl wir beabsichtigen, über die Dienste genaue und zeitnahe Informationen (wie unter anderem den Inhalt) bereitzustellen, sind diese möglicherweise nicht immer genau, vollständig oder aktuell und können auch technische Ungenauigkeiten oder Schreibfehler beinhalten. Um Ihnen weiterhin so vollständige und genaue Informationen wie möglich zur Verfügung zu stellen, können Informationen, soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, von Zeit zu Zeit ohne Vorankündigung geändert oder aktualisiert werden, wie unter anderem Informationen zu unseren Richtlinien, Produkten und Diensten. Dementsprechend sollten Sie alle Informationen überprüfen, bevor Sie sich auf sie verlassen, und alle Entscheidungen, die auf Informationen beruhen, die über die Dienste bereitgestellt werden, liegen in Ihrer alleinigen Verantwortung und wir haften nicht für solche Entscheidungen. 
Verfügbarkeit. Obwohl wir uns bemühen, Ihnen einen ausgezeichneten Service zu bieten, garantieren wir nicht, dass die Dienste ohne Unterbrechung verfügbar sein werden. Die Dienste können von Zeit zu Zeit aus Wartungs- oder anderen Gründen vorübergehend nicht verfügbar sein. Wir übernehmen keine Verantwortung für Fehler, Unterlassungen, Unterbrechungen, Löschungen, Mängel, Verzögerungen beim Betrieb oder der Übertragung, Ausfall der Kommunikationsverbindung, Diebstahl oder Vernichtung oder unbefugten Zugriff oder Veränderung von Benutzerkommunikationen. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für Probleme oder technische Fehlfunktionen von Telefonnetzen oder -leitungen, Online-Computersystemen, Servern oder Anbietern, Computerausrüstung, Software, Ausfall von E-Mails oder Spielern aufgrund technischer Probleme oder Verkehrsstaus im Internet oder in den Diensten oder für eine Kombination davon, einschließlich Verletzungen oder Schäden zulasten von Benutzern oder am Computer einer anderen Person im Zusammenhang mit oder infolge der Teilnahme oder des Herunterladens von Materialien in Verbindung mit den Diensten. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für Verluste oder Schäden, finanzielle Schäden oder entgangene Gewinne, entgangene Aufträge oder Personenschäden oder Todesfälle, die sich aus der Nutzung des Dienstes, Inhalten, die auf oder über den Dienst veröffentlicht oder an Benutzer übermittelt werden, oder Interaktionen zwischen Benutzern der Dienste, ob online oder offline, ergeben.
Abspaltungen. Die Software, mit der WLD erstellt wird, ist quelloffen und kann von jedermann frei kopiert und verwendet werden. Das bedeutet, dass jeder eine modifizierte Version von WLD erstellen kann, auch bekannt als "Abspaltung". Im Falle einer Abspaltung oder einer anderen Unterbrechung des Netzwerks der digitalen Tokens sind wir möglicherweise nicht in der Lage, Aktivitäten im Zusammenhang mit der Abspaltung zu unterstützen. Wenn eine Abspaltung auftritt, werden Transaktionen möglicherweise nicht, nur teilweise, falsch oder mit erheblicher Verzögerung abgeschlossen. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für Verluste, die Ihnen ganz oder teilweise durch eine Abspaltung oder eine andere Netzwerkstörung entstehen.
Drittanbieterdienste. Wir verlassen uns auf Drittanbieter, um einige Merkmale und Funktionen innerhalb der Apps bereitzustellen, z. die Möglichkeit, digitale Vermögenswerte mit Fiat-Währung zu kaufen oder einen digitalen Vermögenswert gegen einen anderen einzutauschen. Wir erbringen diese Dienstleistungen nicht und sind nicht an einer solchen Transaktion beteiligt. Für diese Dienste sind Sie ausschließlich auf Drittanbieter angewiesen, bei denen Sie ein Konto haben und deren Bedingungen zustimmen müssen. Wir sind nicht in der Lage, Ihnen zu helfen, wenn Sie Probleme bei der Nutzung dieses Dienstes haben, und wir sind nicht verantwortlich für Transaktionen, die Sie mit Drittanbietern durchführen. 
Geistiges Eigentum.
Eigentum. Unsere Software, die Anwendung, die Dienste, der Inhalt, die Marken (wie unten definiert) und das Design, die Auswahl und die Anordnung des Inhalts in den Diensten (das "geistige Eigentum") sind durch Urheberrechte, Markenzeichen, Patente und andere geistige Eigentumsrechte und Gesetze der Vereinigten Staaten und anderer Länder geschützt. Sie verpflichten sich, alle geltenden Rechte und Gesetze des geistigen Eigentums sowie alle in der Vereinbarung oder den Diensten enthaltenen Hinweise auf Markenzeichen oder Urheberrechte oder Beschränkungen zu beachten. Sie dürfen Urheberrechts-, Marken- oder andere Eigentumshinweise, die im geistigen Eigentum enthalten sind, nicht entfernen. 
Markenzeichen. Der Name Tools for Humanity Corporation, der Name und das Design von Worldcoin, das "Seven Hands"-Logo und alle zugehörigen Logos sowie Slogans sind Markenzeichen oder Dienstleistungsmarken der Tools for Humanity Corporation oder ihrer Lizenzgeber (die "Marken"). Sie dürfen die Marken ohne unsere schriftliche Genehmigung weder ganz noch teilweise kopieren, nachahmen oder verwenden. Alle anderen Marken, Namen oder Logos, die in Verbindung mit den Diensten erwähnt werden, sind Eigentum der jeweiligen Inhaber und Sie dürfen sie ohne die schriftliche Genehmigung des jeweiligen Markeninhabers weder ganz noch teilweise kopieren, nachahmen oder verwenden. Die Aufnahme von Marken Dritter in die Dienste stellt keine Genehmigung, Befürwortung oder Empfehlung unsererseits dar.
Lizenz und Beschränkungen
Lizenz. Unter der Voraussetzung, dass Sie berechtigt sind, die Dienste zu nutzen, und vorbehaltlich der Einhaltung dieser Bedingungen Ihrerseits gewähren wir Ihnen hiermit eine beschränkte Lizenz für den Zugriff und die Nutzung der Dienste.
Lizenzbeschränkungen. Sie dürfen Inhalte nicht erneut auf Internet-, Intranet- oder Extranet-Websites veröffentlichen oder die Informationen in eine andere Datenbank oder Sammlung integrieren, und jede andere Nutzung der Inhalte ist strengstens untersagt. Jede Nutzung der Dienste, die hierin nicht ausdrücklich erlaubt wird, ist ohne unsere vorherige schriftliche Genehmigung streng verboten und beendet die hierin gewährte Lizenz. Eine solche unbefugte Nutzung kann auch gegen geltende Gesetze verstoßen, wie unter anderem Urheberrechts- und Markengesetze sowie geltende Kommunikationsvorschriften und -gesetze. Sofern nicht ausdrücklich hierin angegeben, wird nichts in diesen Bedingungen so ausgelegt, dass eine Lizenz an Rechten des geistigen Eigentums gewährt wird, sei es durch Rechtsverwirkung, Implikation oder anderweitig. Diese Lizenz kann von uns jederzeit ohne Vorankündigung und mit oder ohne wichtigen Grund widerrufen werden.
Regierung. Wenn Sie ein Endbenutzer der US-Regierung sind, lizenzieren wir Ihnen die Dienste als "kommerziellen Artikel" im Sinne des U. S. Code of Federal Regulations (siehe 48 C. F. R. § 2.101), und die Rechte, die wir Ihnen an den Diensten gewähren, sind dieselben Rechte, die wir allen anderen gemäß diesen Bedingungen gewähren.
Akzeptable Nutzung
Sie dürfen die Dienste nur für Ihren eigenen persönlichen Gebrauch nutzen. Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, Ihren Zugriff oder die Nutzung der Dienste für Sie jederzeit und nach unserem alleinigen Ermessen zu überprüfen oder vorläufig oder dauerhaft zu sperren. Die Punkte auf der Liste der verbotenen Nutzungen sind nur Beispiele und die Liste ist nicht erschöpfend; wir können nach unserem alleinigen Ermessen Nutzungen hinzufügen oder entfernen. 
Verbotene Nutzungen umfassen illegale Aktivität: Aktivitäten, die gegen von der OFAC verwaltete Sanktionsprogramme verstoßen oder zu einem Verstoß gegen sie beitragen; Aktivitäten, die gegen Gesetze in den Ländern, in denen wir tätig sind, verstoßen oder zu einem Verstoß gegen sie beitragen; Aktivitäten, die mit Erträgen aus illegalen Aktivitäten verbunden sind; oder die Veröffentlichung, Verteilung oder Verbreitung von illegalem Material oder Informationen.
Verbotene Nutzungen umfassen übermäßige Nutzung oder Hacking: Handlungen, die unsere Infrastruktur unangemessen oder unverhältnismäßig stark belasten oder Systeme, Daten oder Informationen beeinträchtigen, abfangen oder entwenden; die Übermittlung oder das Hochladen von Material, das Viren, Trojaner, Würmer oder andere schädliche oder löschende Programme enthält, in die Dienste; oder der Versuch, sich unbefugten Zugriff auf die Computersysteme oder Netzwerke zu verschaffen, die mit den Diensten verbunden sind.
Verbotene Nutzungen umfassen missbrauch von anderen: Handlungen, die den Zugang einer anderen Person zu den Diensten oder deren Nutzung beeinträchtigen; die Privatsphäre, das geistige Eigentum oder andere gesetzliche Rechte einer anderen Person verleumden, missbrauchen, erpressen, belästigen, stalken, bedrohen oder anderweitig verletzen oder stören; zu Hass, rassistischer Intoleranz oder gewalttätigen Handlungen gegen andere aufstacheln, damit drohen, sie ermöglichen, fördern oder dazu ermutigen; Daten eines anderen Benutzers aus den Diensten ohne Erlaubnis erfassen oder abfangen.
Verbotene Nutzungen umfassen betrug und andere unlautere Geschäftspraktiken: Handlungen, die darauf abzielen, uns, unsere Benutzer oder andere Personen zu betrügen, uns falsche, ungenaue oder irreführende Informationen zur Verfügung zu stellen, unangemessen hohe Belohnungen zu versprechen oder eine Dienstleistung ohne zusätzlichen Nutzen für den Käufer zu verkaufen, oder andere räuberische und betrügerische Praktiken, wie unrechtmäßige Lotterien, Auslosungen, Bietgebührauktionen, Wettbewerbe, Verlosungen, Wetten oder andere Glücksspiele.
Verbotene Nutzungen umfassen verletzung von Rechten des geistigen Eigentums: Handlungen, die den Verkauf, den Vertrieb oder den Zugang zu gefälschter Musik, Filmen, Software oder anderen lizenzierten Materialien ohne die entsprechende Genehmigung des Rechteinhabers beinhalten; die Verwendung des geistigen Eigentums (einschließlich der Marken) ohne unsere ausdrückliche Zustimmung oder in einer Weise, die uns oder unserer Marke anderweitig schadet; eine Handlung, die eine unwahre Empfehlung unsererseits oder eine unwahre Verbindung mit uns impliziert; oder Handlungen, die ein Urheberrecht, ein Markenzeichen, ein Recht auf Öffentlichkeit oder Privatsphäre oder ein anderes gesetzlich geschütztes Recht verletzen oder missachten.
Verbotene Nutzungen umfassen 8. Orb Operators
Wir arbeiten mit lokalen unabhängigen Auftragnehmern zusammen, die als "Orb Operators" bezeichnet werden und die die Registrierungen von Benutzern erleichtern und bei der Beantwortung von Fragen helfen, die Sie möglicherweise über uns haben. Diese Orb Operators haben eine Schulung erhalten und sind mit Worldcoin vertraut. Wir haben jedoch keine Kontrolle über das, was sie sagen oder wie sie sich verhalten, und übernehmen hierfür keine Haftung. Orb Operators sind in keiner Weise unsere Vertreter oder Mitarbeiter. Aus etwaigen Bemühungen, Funktionen, Prozesse, Richtlinien, Standards oder anderen Bemühungen, die von TFH im Interesse seiner Benutzer unternommen werden, geht keinesfalls ein Beschäftigungs- oder Vertretungsverhältnis mit einem Orb Operator hervor. 
Vorläufige Sperrung
Wir können Ihren Zugriff auf die Dienste [in folgenden Fällen] vorläufig sperren und einschränken: wir sind durch eine scheinbar gültige Vorladung, einen Gerichtsbeschluss oder eine bindende Anordnung einer Behörde dazu verpflichtet; wir vermuten vernünftigerweise, dass Sie den Dienst in Verbindung mit einer verbotenen Nutzung nutzen; die Nutzung der Dienste durch Sie ist Gegenstand eines anhängigen Rechts, einer Ermittlung oder eines behördlichen Verfahrens und/oder unserer Einschätzung nach besteht ein erhöhtes Risiko der Nichteinhaltung von Gesetzen oder Vorschriften im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Tätigkeit; unsere Servicepartner können Ihre Nutzung nicht unterstützen; Sie ergreifen Maßnahmen, die wir als Umgehung unserer Kontrollen betrachten.
Kein Angebot von Wertpapieren oder Rohstoffen
Der Inhalt der Dienste ist kein Kauf- oder Verkaufsangebot oder eine Aufforderung zur Abgabe eines Kauf- oder Verkaufsangebots für Wertpapiere, Geschäftsanteile, Rohstoffe oder andere Finanzinstrumente; der Inhalt oder die Dienste stellt auch kein Angebot oder eine Aufforderung durch jemanden in einem Staat oder Land, in dem ein solches Angebot oder eine solche Aufforderung nicht erlaubt oder zulässig ist, oder an Personen, gegenüber denen es rechtswidrig ist, ein solches Angebot oder eine solche Aufforderung abzugeben, dar und darf hierfür oder in Verbindung damit nicht verwendet werden.
Inhalt
Vertrauen auf Inhalt; Änderungen an den Diensten. Die Informationen und Materialien, die wir Ihnen über die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen ("Inhalte"), dienen ausschließlich allgemeinen Informationszwecken, und wir übernehmen keine Garantie für ihre Richtigkeit, Nützlichkeit oder Vollständigkeit. Wenn Sie auf unsere Inhalte vertrauen, tun Sie dies auf Ihr eigenes Risiko. Wir übernehmen keine Haftung oder Verantwortung für Handlungen, die Sie aufgrund des Inhalts vornehmen oder nicht vornehmen, oder für Personen, mit denen Sie den Inhalt teilen. Äußerungen anderer Nutzer, die ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste in den Diensten oder an anderer Stelle beschreiben, sollten nicht als unsere Billigung ihrer Äußerungen angesehen werden, wenn die Äußerungen im Widerspruch zu diesen Bedingungen oder unserem Inhalt stehen. Wir können den Inhalt von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren, aber dieser Inhalt ist möglicherweise nicht vollständig oder aktuell, und wir sind Ihnen gegenüber nicht verpflichtet, den Inhalt oder einen anderen Teil der Dienste zu aktualisieren. Wir sind berechtigt, Teile oder den gesamten Inhalt oder die Dienste ohne vorherige Benachrichtigung an Sie vorübergehend oder dauerhaft zu ändern oder einzustellen. Wir haften nicht für Änderungen, Aussetzungen oder die Einstellung eines Teils oder der Gesamtheit des Inhalts oder der Dienste.
Dienste und Inhalte Dritter. Wir können auf Social-Media-Plattformen ("Drittanbieterdienste") Links zu Bildungsmaterialien, Webinaren, Treffen und Werbeaktionen bereitstellen, die den Austausch und die Zusammenarbeit zwischen Benutzern und anderen ermöglichen. Wenn Sie persönliche Informationen, Bilder, Meinungen, Inhalte oder andere Daten auf diesen Diensten veröffentlichen, tun Sie dies auf eigenes Risiko, und Ihre Nutzung dieser Dienste unterliegt den Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Dienste und nicht unseren. Sie sollten die Nutzungsbedingungen der einzelnen Drittanbieterdienste lesen, um Ihre Rechte und die Art und Weise, wie diese Plattformen Ihre Daten verwenden, besser zu verstehen. Wir übernehmen keine Verantwortung bei Verlust, Diebstahl, Kompromittierung oder Missbrauch Ihrer Daten in Verbindung mit einem Drittanbieterdienst (einschließlich Fahrlässigkeit), es sei denn, eine solche Haftung kann nach geltendem Recht nicht beschränkt werden. Die Nutzung von Informationen, die von einem Drittanbieterdienst zur Verfügung gestellt werden ("Inhalte von Drittanbietern"), erfolgt auf Ihr eigenes Risiko, und wir versprechen Ihnen nicht, dass die Inhalte von Drittanbietern richtig, vollständig, authentisch oder für Ihre persönlichen Umstände geeignet sind. Zu den Inhalten Dritter gehören Informationen, die von anderen, von uns nicht ausdrücklich unterstützen Benutzern zur Verfügung gestellt werden.
Benutzerinhalt. Als Mitglied der Worldcoin-Community können Sie Nachrichten, Daten, Software, Bilder, Videos oder andere Inhalte ("Benutzerinhalte") auf schwarzen Brettern, in Blogs, in unseren Social-Media-Konten und an verschiedenen anderen öffentlich zugänglichen Stellen der Dienste veröffentlichen. Diese Foren können von uns oder in unserem Auftrag von einem unserer Drittanbieter gehostet werden. Sie sind für alle Benutzerinhalte verantwortlich, die Sie über die Dienste einreichen, hochladen, veröffentlichen oder speichern. Sie müssen alle erforderlichen und angemessenen Warnungen, Informationen und Offenlegungen bezüglich Ihrer Benutzerinhalte bereitstellen. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für Benutzerinhalte, die Sie über die Dienste übermitteln.
Lizenz für Benutzerinhalte. Indem Sie uns Benutzerinhalte übermitteln, versichern Sie, dass Sie über alle erforderlichen Rechte an den Benutzerinhalten verfügen, und Sie gewähren uns damit eine unbefristete, weltweite, nicht ausschließliche, gebührenfreie, unterlizenzierbare und übertragbare Lizenz zur Nutzung, Reproduktion, Verbreitung, Erstellung abgeleiteter Werke, Änderung, Anzeige und Vorführung aller oder eines Teils der Benutzerinhalte in Verbindung mit unserer Vermarktung und Werbung sowie für alle sonstigen legitimen Geschäftszwecke im Zusammenhang mit den Diensten. Wir sind berechtigt, Ihre Benutzerinhalte in allen Medienformaten und über alle Medienkanäle, die wir auswählen, ganz oder teilweise weiterzuverbreiten und daraus abgeleitete Werke zu erstellen. Sie gewähren uns und anderen Benutzern hiermit auch eine nicht ausschließliche Lizenz für die Nutzung, den Zugriff, die Reproduktion, die Verbreitung, die Änderung und Anzeige Ihrer Benutzerinhalte über die Dienste und zur Vorführung dieser.
Beschränkungen der Benutzerinhalte. Sie verpflichten sich, die Dienste nicht zu nutzen oder Dritten die Nutzung zu gestatten, um Benutzerinhalte einzustellen oder zu übermitteln, die: verleumderisch oder diffamierend sind oder private oder persönliche Angelegenheiten einer Person offenlegen; unanständig, obszön, pornografisch, belästigend, bedrohend, beleidigend, hasserfüllt, rassistisch oder ethnisch anstößig sind; zu einem Verhalten ermutigen, das als Straftat angesehen wird, zu einer zivilrechtlichen Haftung führt oder gegen ein Gesetz verstößt, oder anderweitig unangemessen sind; das geistige Eigentum anderer verletzen, einschließlich nicht genehmigter urheberrechtlich geschützter Texte, Bilder oder Programme, Geschäftsgeheimnisse oder anderer vertraulicher geschützter Informationen oder in verletzender Weise genutzter Marken oder Dienstleistungsmarken; oder andere Benutzer bei der Nutzung der Dienste unangemessen stören. Sie versichern uns, dass Sie Benutzerinhalte freiwillig in die Dienste einstellen. Demzufolge begründet das Einstellen von Benutzerinhalten kein Arbeitsverhältnis zwischen Ihnen und uns. Sie dürfen keine E-Mail-Adressen, Mobiltelefonnummern, Salden, Benutzernamen oder andere persönliche Informationen über andere Benutzer ohne deren Erlaubnis kopieren oder verwenden. Unaufgeforderte E-Mails, Postsendungen, Telefonanrufe oder andere Mitteilungen an andere -Benutzer über die Dienste oder einen anderen Kanal sind verboten.
Beschwerden und Entfernung nach dem DMCA. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Marke oder Ihr urheberrechtlich geschütztes Werk durch unsere Inhalte oder Benutzerinhalte in den Diensten verletzt wird oder anderweitig auf eine Art und Weise veröffentlicht wird, die eine Befürwortung oder Zugehörigkeit zu uns suggeriert, senden Sie uns bitte eine E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com mit der Betreffzeile "[Marken-/Urheberrechts-] Beschwerde" je nachdem, was der Fall ist. Damit Ihre Beschwerde wirksam ist und wir Maßnahmen gemäß dem US-amerikanischen Urheberrechtsgesetz (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA") ergreifen können, müssen Sie alle Anforderungen des DMCA erfüllen, indem Sie die folgenden Informationen in Ihrer E-Mail angeben eindeutige Identifizierung des urheberrechtlich geschützten Werks oder der Marke, deren Verletzung behauptet wird, einschließlich der Urheberrechtsregistrierungsnummer, falls das Werk registriert ist.
Beschwerden und Entfernung nach dem DMCA. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Marke oder Ihr urheberrechtlich geschütztes Werk durch unsere Inhalte oder Benutzerinhalte in den Diensten verletzt wird oder anderweitig auf eine Art und Weise veröffentlicht wird, die eine Befürwortung oder Zugehörigkeit zu uns suggeriert, senden Sie uns bitte eine E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com mit der Betreffzeile "[Marken-/Urheberrechts-] Beschwerde" je nachdem, was der Fall ist. Damit Ihre Beschwerde wirksam ist und wir Maßnahmen gemäß dem US-amerikanischen Urheberrechtsgesetz (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA") ergreifen können, müssen Sie alle Anforderungen des DMCA erfüllen, indem Sie die folgenden Informationen in Ihrer E-Mail angeben identifizierung des Werks oder der Marke, das/die als verletzend angesehen wird und das/die entfernt werden soll.
Beschwerden und Entfernung nach dem DMCA. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Marke oder Ihr urheberrechtlich geschütztes Werk durch unsere Inhalte oder Benutzerinhalte in den Diensten verletzt wird oder anderweitig auf eine Art und Weise veröffentlicht wird, die eine Befürwortung oder Zugehörigkeit zu uns suggeriert, senden Sie uns bitte eine E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com mit der Betreffzeile "[Marken-/Urheberrechts-] Beschwerde" je nachdem, was der Fall ist. Damit Ihre Beschwerde wirksam ist und wir Maßnahmen gemäß dem US-amerikanischen Urheberrechtsgesetz (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA") ergreifen können, müssen Sie alle Anforderungen des DMCA erfüllen, indem Sie die folgenden Informationen in Ihrer E-Mail angeben die URL oder andere eindeutige Hinweise, die es uns ermöglichen, den mutmaßlich rechtsverletzenden Inhalt zu finden.
Beschwerden und Entfernung nach dem DMCA. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Marke oder Ihr urheberrechtlich geschütztes Werk durch unsere Inhalte oder Benutzerinhalte in den Diensten verletzt wird oder anderweitig auf eine Art und Weise veröffentlicht wird, die eine Befürwortung oder Zugehörigkeit zu uns suggeriert, senden Sie uns bitte eine E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com mit der Betreffzeile "[Marken-/Urheberrechts-] Beschwerde" je nachdem, was der Fall ist. Damit Ihre Beschwerde wirksam ist und wir Maßnahmen gemäß dem US-amerikanischen Urheberrechtsgesetz (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA") ergreifen können, müssen Sie alle Anforderungen des DMCA erfüllen, indem Sie die folgenden Informationen in Ihrer E-Mail angeben ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Postanschrift und Telefonnummer; und
Beschwerden und Entfernung nach dem DMCA. Wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass Ihre Marke oder Ihr urheberrechtlich geschütztes Werk durch unsere Inhalte oder Benutzerinhalte in den Diensten verletzt wird oder anderweitig auf eine Art und Weise veröffentlicht wird, die eine Befürwortung oder Zugehörigkeit zu uns suggeriert, senden Sie uns bitte eine E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com mit der Betreffzeile "[Marken-/Urheberrechts-] Beschwerde" je nachdem, was der Fall ist. Damit Ihre Beschwerde wirksam ist und wir Maßnahmen gemäß dem US-amerikanischen Urheberrechtsgesetz (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA") ergreifen können, müssen Sie alle Anforderungen des DMCA erfüllen, indem Sie die folgenden Informationen in Ihrer E-Mail angeben eine unterzeichnete Erklärung, dass Sie in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass der Inhalt eine Verletzung darstellt, dass die von Ihnen gemachten Angaben richtig sind und dass Sie der Eigentümer des Inhalts sind oder befugt sind, den Eigentümer des Inhalts zu vertreten.
Sie sollten sich auch darüber im Klaren sein, dass gemäß Abschnitt 512(f) des DMCA jede Person, die wissentlich unbegründete Mitteilungen über Rechtsverletzungen versendet, für Schäden haftbar gemacht werden kann. Bitte tätigen Sie daher keine falschen Behauptungen. Wir können alle Informationen oder Korrespondenz, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, an Dritte weitergeben, einschließlich der Person, die das mutmaßlich rechtsverletzende Material in den Service hochgeladen hat.
Wenn wir eine gutgläubige Mitteilung über eine Rechtsverletzung erhalten, ist es unser Grundsatz, dass wir: den verletzenden Inhalt sofort entfernen oder den Zugang dazu sperren; die Person, die das verletzende Material hochgeladen hat, darüber informieren, dass wir das Material entfernt oder den Zugang dazu gesperrt haben; und bei Wiederholungstätern den Zugriff auf die Dienste für die Person sperren. Wenn wir eine Erwiderung von der Person erhalten, können wir Ihnen eine Kopie dieser Erwiderung zusenden, in der wir Ihnen erklären, dass wir das entfernte Material innerhalb von 10 Werktagen wieder in die Dienste aufnehmen oder die Deaktivierung beenden können. Sofern Sie gegen uns oder gegen die Person, die den Inhalt hochgeladen hat, nicht gerichtlich vorgehen, stellen wir den Zugang zu dem entfernten Material nach unserem Ermessen innerhalb von 10 bis 14 Werktagen oder mehr nach Erhalt der Erwiderung wieder her.
GEWÄHRLEISTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS 
Die Nutzung der Dienste erfolgt auf Ihr eigenes Risiko. Die Dienste, WLD, der Inhalt und das sonstige geistige Eigentum werden im Ist-Zustand und je nach Verfügbarkeit zur Verfügung gestellt, ohne jegliche ausdrückliche, stillschweigende oder gesetzliche Zusicherung oder Gewährleistung. Soweit es nach geltendem Recht gestattet ist, schließen wir ausdrücklich jegliche stillschweigende Gewährleistungen zu Eigentum, Marktgängigkeit, Eignung für einen bestimmten Zweck oder Nichtverletzung von Rechten in Bezug auf die Funktionen, Inhalte oder sonstiges in den Diensten enthaltenes geistiges Eigentum aus. In einigen Rechtsordnungen ist der Ausschluss stillschweigender Gewährleistungen nicht zulässig, sodass die oben genannten Ausschlüsse möglicherweise nicht auf sie zutreffen. Wir erteilen keine Empfehlung oder Garantie und übernehmen keine Verantwortung für Werbung, Angebote oder Aussagen Dritter einschließlich anderer Benutzer bezüglich der Dienste.
Wir erteilen keine Zusicherungen oder Gewährleistungen dahingehend, dass der Zugriff auf die Dienste ganz oder teilweise durchgehend, ununterbrochen, rechtzeitig, sicher oder fehlerfrei ist; die Dienste oder Inhalte genau, vollständig, zuverlässig oder aktuell sind; die Dienste frei von Viren oder anderen schädlichen Komponenten sind oder die Dienste oder Inhalte Ihren Anforderungen, Bedürfnissen oder Erwartungen entsprechen.
Darüber hinaus erteilen wir keine Zusicherungen oder Gewährleistungen in Bezug auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Dienste oder WLD für einen bestimmten Anwendungsfall oder dahingehend, dass die Dienste den aufsichtsrechtlichen und gesetzlichen Anforderungen entsprechen. Sie sind allein dafür verantwortlich, alle rechtlichen und behördlichen Beschränkungen und Anforderungen zu ermitteln und einzuhalten, die für die Nutzung der Dienste oder WLD gelten können. Mit Ausnahme der ausdrücklichen Erklärungen in diesen Bedingungen bestätigen Sie hiermit und erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass Sie sich in Bezug auf den Zugriff und die Nutzung der Dienste und WLD nicht auf andere Erklärungen oder Vereinbarungen, ob schriftliche oder mündliche, verlassen haben.
Wir handeln nicht und können nicht als Ihr Berater in Bezug auf finanzielle, rechtliche, investitionsbezogene oder steuerliche Angelegenheiten handeln. Die Inhalte gelten mit Stand zum angegebenen Datum. Alle hier geäußerten Prognosen, Schätzungen, Vorhersagen, Ziele und/oder Meinungen unterliegen Risiken, Unsicherheiten und Annahmen und können daher falsch sein und sich ohne Vorankündigung ändern. Es sollte sich auf keine Inhalte verlassen werden. 
Bestimmte hier aufgeführte Informationen stammen möglicherweise aus externen Quellen. Auch wenn diese Quellen für glaubwürdig gehalten werden, haben wir nicht alle diese Informationen unabhängig verifiziert und erteilen keine Zusicherungen bezüglich ihrer Richtigkeit. Wir sind kein registrierter Börsenmakler oder Anlageberater. Wir erteilen keine Zusicherungen und schließen insbesondere alle ausdrücklichen, stillschweigenden oder gesetzlichen Gewährleistungen in Bezug auf die Richtigkeit, Aktualität oder Vollständigkeit von in den Diensten enthaltenen Materialien aus. Unsere Inhalte dienen nur der allgemeinen Information, und Sie sind allein dafür verantwortlich, zu entscheiden, ob sie die Dienste nutzen wollen oder nicht. Sie erkennen an, dass der Handel, die Verwendung und der Besitz von digitalen Tokens an sich mit Risiken verbunden ist. Möglicherweise verlieren Sie alle in Ihrer Wallet enthaltenen Gelder. Sie erkennen an, dass der Dienst Exportbeschränkungen und Wirtschaftssanktionen nach US-Recht unterliegen kann.
Wir haften Ihnen oder Dritten gegenüber nicht für eine Änderung oder Beendigung der Dienste oder eine Aussetzung oder Beendigung Ihres Zugangs zu den Diensten. 
BESCHRÄNKUNG DER HAFTUNG
Wir schließen unsere Haftung Ihnen gegenüber nicht aus oder beschränken sie, wenn es nicht rechtmäßig wäre, dies zu tun. In Ländern, in denen die folgenden Arten von Ausschlüssen nicht zulässig sind, sind wir Ihnen gegenüber nur für Verluste und Schäden verantwortlich, die eine vernünftigerweise vorhersehbare Folge unseres Versäumnisses, angemessene Sorgfalt und Geschicklichkeit walten zu lassen, sind oder wenn wir unsere Vertrag mit Ihnen verletzt haben. Dieser Absatz hat keine Auswirkungen auf Verbraucherrechte, deren Verzicht oder Einschränkung durch Verträge oder Vereinbarungen nicht möglich ist.
Soweit rechtlich zulässig, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass wir oder etwaige unserer leitenden Angestellten, Direktoren, Mitarbeiter, Auftragnehmer, Vertreter, verbundenen Unternehmen oder Tochtergesellschaften (die "TFH-Parteien") Ihnen gegenüber unter keinen Umständen für indirekte Schäden, Strafschadensersatz, beiläufige, besondere, Folgeschäden oder exemplarischen Schadensersatz haften, einschließlich Schäden für entgangenen Gewinn, Firmenwert, Nutzung, Daten oder anderes immaterielles Eigentum, unabhängig davon, ob eine solche Haftung auf der Grundlage einer unerlaubten Handlung oder anderweitig geltend gemacht wird, und unabhängig davon, ob die TFH-Parteien auf die Möglichkeit von Schäden hingewiesen wurden, die sich aus oder in Verbindung mit Folgendem ergeben: die Nutzung oder Unmöglichkeit der Nutzung der Dienste, Ihrer digitalen Tokens oder des Worldcoin-Netzwerks; die Unzugänglichkeit oder Beendigung der Dienste; Hacking, Manipulation, unbefugtem Zugriff oder Veränderung von Transaktionen oder Ihren Daten; jeglicher Transaktion oder Vereinbarung, die Sie mit Dritten über die Dienste eingegangen sind; jeglicher Aktivität oder Kommunikation Dritter; den Handlungen von Orb Operators; jeglichem Wertverlust von digitalen Tokens; jeglichen Inhalten Dritter, auf die über die Dienste zugegriffen wird; Fehler, Irrtümer oder Ungenauigkeiten in unseren Inhalten; Personen- oder Sachschäden jeglicher Art, die aus dem Zugriff oder der Nutzung der Dienste resultieren; Viren, Trojaner oder Ähnliches, das an oder durch die Dienste übertragen wird; oder diffamierenden, beleidigenden oder illegalen Verhalten Dritter. Diese Haftungsbeschränkung gilt unabhängig davon, ob die Schäden aus der Nutzung oder dem Missbrauch von TFH oder den Diensten oder aus dem Vertrauen auf TFH oder die Dienste entstehen, selbst wenn eine beschränkte Abhilfe ihren wesentlichen Zweck nicht erfüllt und im größtmöglichen gesetzlich zulässigen Umfang.
Unter keinen Umständen haften die TFH-Parteien Ihnen gegenüber für direkte Ansprüche, Verfahren, Verbindlichkeiten, Verpflichtungen, Schäden, Verluste oder Kosten von über 100,00 US-Dollar. Sollten Sie mit den Diensten unzufrieden sein, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Ihre einzige und ausschließliche Abhilfe darin besteht, die Nutzung der Dienste einzustellen. Diese Haftungsbeschränkung gilt im größtmöglichen Umfang, der nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist. 
Haftungsentlassung und Freistellung. Sie verpflichten sich, die TFH-Parteien hinsichtlich jeglicher Ansprüche, Schäden, Kosten, Haftungsfälle, angemessenen Anwaltsgebühren und Ausgaben, die von einem Dritten gegen eine TFH-Partei geltend gemacht werden und sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung der Dienste Ihrerseits, einer Verletzung dieser Bedingungen Ihrerseits, einer Verletzung von Rechten anderer Personen Ihrerseits, Ihrem Verhalten im Zusammenhang mit den Diensten oder der Nutzung von WLD, digitalen Tokens oder dem Worldcoin-Netzwerk Ihrerseits ergeben, zu verteidigen, freizustellen und schadlos zu halten. Einige Rechtsordnungen schränken die Freistellung seitens von Verbrauchern ein, sodass möglicherweise einige oder alle Freistellungsbestimmungen in diesem Absatz nicht auf Sie anwendbar sind. Wenn Sie verpflichtet sind, eine der TFH-Parteien freizustellen, behalten wir uns das Recht vor, nach unserem alleinigen Ermessen jede Klage oder jedes Verfahren zu kontrollieren und zu entscheiden, ob und zu welchen Bedingungen wir einen Vergleich schließen.
WENN SIE IN KALIFORNIEN WOHNEN, verzichten Sie auf die Vorteile und den Schutz des § 1542 des California Civil Code§ (Zivilgesetzbuch des US-Bundesstaats Kalifornien), der Folgendes vorsieht: "[Eine] allgemeine Freistellung erstreckt sich nicht auf Ansprüche, von denen der Gläubiger oder die freistellende Partei zum Zeitpunkt der Erteilung der Freistellung nicht weiß oder vermutet, dass sie zu seinen bzw. ihren Gunsten bestehen, und die, wären sie ihm bzw. ihr bekannt gewesen, seinen bzw. ihren Vergleich mit dem Schuldner oder der freigestellten Partei wesentlich beeinflusst hätten."
Anwendbares Recht
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum wohnen, gilt das Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland für diesen Vertrag und alle Streitigkeiten, die sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit diesem Vertrag ergeben. Wenn Sie außerhalb des EWR wohnen, gelten die Gesetze des US-Bundesstaats Kalifornien für diesen Vertrag und alle Streitigkeiten, die sich aus oder im Zusammenhang mit diesem Vertrag ergeben. Das in diesem Abschnitt genannte anwendbare Recht gilt unabhängig von den Grundsätzen des Kollisionsrechts. Sie erklären sich ferner damit einverstanden, dass angenommen wird, dass der Dienst seinen Sitz ausschließlich im US-Bundesstaat Kalifornien hat, und seine Verfügbarkeit, auch wenn die Dienste in anderen Rechtsordnungen verfügbar sein können, keinen allgemeinen oder besonderen persönlichen Gerichtsstand in einem Forum außerhalb des US-Bundesstaats Kalifornien begründet.
STREITBEILEGUNG, SCHIEDSVERFAHREN UND VERZICHT AUF SAMMELKLAGEN
LESEN SIE SICH BITTE DIE FOLGENDEN ABSÄTZE AUFMERKSAM DURCH. SIE VERLANGEN VON IHNEN, DASS SIE STREITIGKEITEN MIT UNS DURCH EIN INDIVIDUELLES SCHIEDSVERFAHREN VOR EINEM EINZELSCHIEDSRICHTER UND NICHT ALS BETEILIGTER EINER SAMMELKLAGE BEILEGEN. DAS SCHIEDSVERFAHREN HINDERT SIE DARAN, GERICHTLICH GEGEN UNS VORZUGEHEN ODER EIN SCHWURGERICHTSVERFAHREN ZU BEANTRAGEN, MIT DER AUSNAHME, DASS SIE EINEN RECHTSSTREIT GEGEN UNS VOR EINEM GERICHT FÜR GERINGFÜGIGE FORDERUNGEN FÜHREN KÖNNEN, WENN SIE DAZU BERECHTIGT SIND. 
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen das Schiedsverfahren wird vertraulich von einem einzigen Schiedsrichter geführt. Der Schiedsrichter wendet die geltenden Verjährungsfristen und alle geltenden Gesetze an und wird die nach geltendem Recht anerkannten Privilegierungsansprüche respektieren.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen wenn Sie Ihren Wohnsitz im EWR haben, wird die Streitigkeit ausschließlich und endgültig durch ein Schiedsverfahren entschieden, das vom Deutschen Institut für Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit gemäß der DIS-Schiedsordnung geführt wird. Das Schiedsgerichtsverfahren findet in Berlin, Deutschland, statt, es sei denn, Sie und wir vereinbaren, es an einem anderen Ort zu führen. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass die Gerichte in Berlin, Deutschland, für Berufungen gegen einen Schiedsspruch oder für Gerichtsverfahren, falls die verbindliche Schiedsklausel dieser Vereinbarung für nicht durchsetzbar befunden wird, zuständig sind.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen wenn Sie außerhalb des EWR wohnen , wird die Streitigkeit ausschließlich und endgültig durch ein von JAMS geführtes Schiedsverfahren gemäß der optimierten Schiedsordnung von JAMS (JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules) beigelegt, es sei denn, der Streitwert beträgt insgesamt 250.000 USD oder mehr, in welchem Fall die umfassende Schiedsordnung von JAMS (JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules) Anwendung finden. Das Schiedsgerichtsverfahren findet in San Francisco, Kalifornien, statt, es sei denn, Sie und wir vereinbaren, es an einem anderen Ort zu führen. Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass die Gerichte in San Francisco, Kalifornien, für Berufungen gegen einen Schiedsspruch oder für Gerichtsverfahren, falls die verbindliche Schiedsklausel dieser Vereinbarung für nicht durchsetzbar befunden wird, zuständig sind.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen in einem Schiedsverfahren, egal an welchem Ort, werden die Parteien nicht versuchen, sich gegenseitig in ein Beweisverfahren zu führen, und der Schiedsrichter wird den Parteien nicht gestatten, sich auf Beweisverfahren einzulassen. Vielmehr wird jede Partei die Beweise, die ihre Positionen untermauern, zu einem einvernehmlich festgelegten Zeitpunkt vor der abschließenden Anhörung im Schiedsverfahren offenlegen.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen diese Schiedsvereinbarung gilt für die Durchsetzbarkeit, Widerrufbarkeit, den Gegenstand und die Gültigkeit der Schiedsvereinbarung oder eines Teils der Schiedsvereinbarung sowie alle anderen Streitigkeiten, die sich aus der Auslegung oder Anwendbarkeit der Schiedsvereinbarung ergeben oder damit zusammenhängen; und alle diese Angelegenheiten werden vom Schiedsrichter und nicht von einem Gericht oder Richter entschieden.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen wenn der Schiedsrichter oder der Schiedsgerichtsverwalter Ihnen Bearbeitungsgebühren oder andere Verwaltungskosten auferlegt, erstatten wir Ihnen auf Anfrage diese Gebühren oder Kosten in dem Umfang, der die Kosten übersteigt, die Sie andernfalls zahlen müssten, wenn Sie stattdessen ein Gerichtsverfahren anstrengen würden. Wir werden auch zusätzliche Gebühren oder Kosten zahlen, wenn die Regeln des Schiedsgerichtsverwalters oder das geltende Recht dies verlangen.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen auf Antrag einer der Parteien werden alle Schiedsverfahren unter strengster Geheimhaltung durchgeführt. In diesem Fall werden alle Dokumente, Zeugenaussagen und Aufzeichnungen vom Schiedsrichter unter Verschluss gehalten und können nur von den Parteien, ihren jeweiligen Anwälten und ihren jeweiligen Sachverständigen, Beratern oder Zeugen eingesehen werden, die sich im Voraus schriftlich damit einverstanden erklärt haben, alle diese Informationen als vertraulich zu erhalten und ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Schiedsverfahrens zu verwenden.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen abgesehen von den in dieser Schiedsvereinbarung besprochenen Sammelverfahren und Rechtsbehelfen ist der Schiedsrichter befugt, jeden Rechtsbehelf zu gewähren, der auch vor Gericht zur Verfügung stehen würde.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen ein Urteil über den Schiedsspruch des Schiedsrichters kann von jedem zuständigen Gericht erlassen werden.
Wir werden uns nach besten Kräften bemühen, mögliche Streitigkeiten durch informelle, gutgläubige Verhandlungen beizulegen. Wenn ein möglicher Streitfall auftritt, müssen Sie uns per E-Mail an legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com kontaktieren, damit wir versuchen können, den Streitfall zu lösen, ohne auf eine formelle Streitbeilegung zurückzugreifen. Wenn wir nicht in der Lage sind, innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach Ihrer E-Mail eine informelle Lösung herbeizuführen, und Sie sich entscheiden, einen Anspruch nach Bundes- oder bundesstaatlichem Recht, einen Anspruch nach dem Gewohnheitsrecht, einen Anspruch aufgrund von Vertrag, unerlaubter Handlung, Betrug, Falschdarstellung oder aus einem anderen Rechtsgrund oder ein anderes formelles Verfahren, das sich aus diesen Bedingungen, den Inhalten oder den Diensten ergibt oder mit diesen in Zusammenhang steht (jeweils ein "Streitfall"), einzuleiten, dann erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, den Streitfall durch ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren auf individueller Basis gemäß den folgenden Bedingungen (zusammenfassend die "Schiedsvereinbarung") beizulegen sollte sich die in dieser Schiedsvereinbarung enthaltene Verpflichtung zum Schiedsverfahren oder das Verbot von Sammelklagen und anderen Streitigkeiten im Namen Dritter als nicht durchsetzbar erweisen, gelten nur die nicht durchsetzbaren Bestimmungen als aus diesen Bedingungen entfernt und alle verbleibenden Verpflichtungen in diesen Bedingungen bleiben in vollem Umfang in Kraft.
30-tägiges Widerrufsrecht. Sie haben das Recht, von dieser Schiedsvereinbarung zurückzutreten und nicht an sie gebunden zu sein, indem Sie eine E-Mail von der Adresse, die Sie zur Erstellung Ihres Kontos verwendet haben, mit der folgenden Betreffzeile senden: "AUSSCHLUSS VON SCHIEDSVERFAHREN UND SAMMELKLAGENVERBOT". Sie müssen Ihre E-Mail innerhalb von 30 Tagen ab Zustimmung zu diesen Bedingungen senden, andernfalls sind Sie verpflichtet, Streitigkeiten gemäß den Bedingungen dieser Schiedsvereinbarung beizulegen. Wenn Sie sich gegen diese Schiedsvereinbarung entscheiden, sind wir auch nicht an die Schiedsvereinbarung gebunden.
Änderungen dieser Schiedsvereinbarung. Wir werden Sie mit einer Frist von 30 Tagen über Änderungen des Abschnitts ""Streitbeilegung, Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit und Verzicht auf Sammelklagen" dieser Bedingungen informieren und die Änderungen treten 30 Tage nach Erhalt unserer Mitteilung in Kraft. Änderungen des Abschnitts Streitbeilegung, Schiedsgerichtsbarkeit und Verzicht auf Sammelklagen gelten ansonsten mit Wirkung für die Zukunft nur für Streitigkeiten, die nach dem 30. Tag auftreten. Sollte ein Gericht oder ein Schiedsrichter entscheiden, dass die Änderungen dieses Abschnitts nicht durchsetzbar oder gültig sind, werden die Änderungen von diesen Bedingungen abgetrennt und das Gericht oder der Schiedsrichter wendet die Bedingungen der ersten Schiedsvereinbarung an, wirksam war, als Sie begonnen haben, die Dienste zu nutzen. Sie können von Ihrem Recht Gebrauch machen, die neuen Bedingungen der Schiedsvereinbarung abzulehnen, indem Sie die im obigen Abschnitt "30-tägiges Widerrufsrecht" beschriebenen Verfahren befolgen.
Diese Schiedsvereinbarung gilt auch nach Beendigung dieser Vereinbarung und nach Beendigung der Nutzung der Dienste Ihrerseits.
Ungeachtet anderslautender Bestimmungen in dieser Schiedsvereinbarung kann jede Partei eine Unterlassungsverfügung beantragen, um die unbefugte Nutzung oder den Missbrauch der Dienste oder die Verletzung von Rechten an geistigem Eigentum (z. Marken-, Geschäftsgeheimnis-, Urheber- oder Patentrechte) zu unterbinden, ohne zuvor ein Schiedsverfahren oder das oben beschriebene informelle Streitbeilegungsverfahren einzuleiten.
Allgemeine Bestimmungen
Keine Verzichtserklärung; salvatorische Klausel; Abtretungsverbot. Versäumen wir es, eine Bestimmung durchzusetzen, verzichten wir damit nicht auf unser Recht, dies später zu tun. Wenn eine Bestimmung für nicht durchsetzbar befunden wird, bleiben die übrigen Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen in vollem Umfang in Kraft und werden durch eine durchsetzbare Bedingung ersetzt, die unsere Absicht so genau wie möglich widerspiegelt. Sie dürfen keine Ihrer Rechte gemäß diesen Bedingungen abtreten, und ein solcher Versuch ist ungültig. Wir können unsere Rechte an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen oder Tochtergesellschaften oder an einen Rechtsnachfolger eines mit den Diensten verbundenen Unternehmens abtreten.
Gesamte Vereinbarung. Diese Bedingungen stellen die gesamte und ausschließliche Vereinbarung zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf die Dienste dar und ersetzen alle früheren und gleichzeitigen Absprachen, Vereinbarungen, Zusicherungen und Gewährleistungen, sowohl schriftliche als auch mündliche, in Bezug auf die Dienste. Die Überschriften der Abschnitte in diesen Bedingungen dienen nur der Übersichtlichkeit und sind nicht maßgeblich für die Bedeutung oder Auslegung einer Bestimmungen.
Fortbestand. Alle Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen, die sich auf die Aussetzung oder Beendigung, Schulden gegenüber TFH, die allgemeine Nutzung der Dienste, Streitigkeiten mit TFH und Bestimmungen beziehen, die ihrer Natur nach über den Ablauf oder die Kündigung dieser Bedingungen hinausgehen, bestehen auch nach Kündigung oder Ablauf dieser Bedingungen fort.
Verhältnis zwischen den Parteien. Nichts in diesen Bedingungen gilt oder bezweckt oder begründet ein Verhältnis zwischen Gesellschaftern, Gemeinschaftsunternehmenspartnern oder anderweitig als gemeinsame Partner mit Gewinnabsicht zwischen Ihnen und TFH, und weder Sie noch TFH werden als Vertreter des jeweils anderen behandelt. Dies schließt die Tatsache ein, dass nichts in diesen Bedingungen ein Arbeitsverhältnis zwischen Ihnen und TFH begründet oder bezweckt.
Keine professionelle Beratung oder treuhänderische Pflichten. Alle von uns bereitgestellten Inhalte dienen ausschließlich Informationszwecken und sollten nicht als professionelle Beratung verstanden werden. Sie sollten auf der Grundlage von Informationen, die in den Diensten enthalten sind, keine Handlungen vornehmen oder unterlassen. Bevor Sie finanzielle, rechtliche oder andere Entscheidungen im Zusammenhang mit den Diensten oder digitalen Tokens treffen, sollten Sie eine unabhängige professionelle Beratung durch eine Person in Anspruch nehmen, die in dem Bereich, für den eine solche Beratung angemessen wäre, zugelassen und qualifiziert ist. Diese Bedingungen zielen nicht darauf ab, uns treuhänderische Pflichten aufzuerlegen, und tun dies auch nicht. Im größtmöglichen gesetzlich zulässigen Umfang erkennen Sie an und erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass wir Ihnen oder anderen Parteien keine treuhänderischen Pflichten oder Verbindlichkeiten schulden, und dass in dem Umfang, in dem solche Pflichten oder Verbindlichkeiten nach dem Gesetz oder nach Billigkeitsrecht bestehen könnten, diese Pflichten und Verbindlichkeiten hiermit unwiderruflich abgelehnt, aufgehoben und beseitigt werden. Sie erklären sich ferner damit einverstanden, dass die einzigen Aufgaben und Verpflichtungen, die wir Ihnen schulden, die sind, die ausdrücklich in diesen Bedingungen aufgeführt sind.
Kontrollwechsel. Für den Fall, dass wir von einem anderen Unternehmen übernommen werden oder mit einem anderen Unternehmen fusionieren oder anderweitig bestimmte Funktionen an ein verbundenes oder Nachfolgerunternehmen oder ein anderes Unternehmen, das nach unserem Ermessen die Interessen der Benutzer am besten bedient, übertragen, behalten wir uns das Recht vor, die Daten, die wir von Ihnen erhoben haben, in jedem dieser Fälle im Rahmen der Fusion, der Übernahme, des Verkaufs oder eines anderen Kontrollwechsels zu übertragen oder abzutreten.
Höhere Gewalt. Wir haften nicht für Verzögerungen, Leistungsausfälle oder Unterbrechungen von Diensten, die direkt oder indirekt auf eine erhebliche Marktvolatilität bei digitalen Tokens, höhere Gewalt, zivile oder militärische Handlungen, terroristische Handlungen, Unruhen, Krieg, Streiks, gesundheitliche Notfälle, Arbeitskämpfe, Brände, Unterbrechungen von Telekommunikations- oder Internetdiensten oder von Diensten von Netzwerkanbietern, Ausfälle von Geräten oder Software oder andere Ursachen oder Bedingungen zurückzuführen sind, die sich unserer Kontrolle entziehen (jeweils ein "Ereignis höherer Gewalt"). Das Auftreten eines Ereignisses höherer Gewalt hat keinen Einfluss auf die Gültigkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der übrigen Bestimmungen dieser Bedingungen.
App Stores. Wenn Sie unsere Apps von einem anderen App Store oder einer anderen Vertriebsplattform als dem Apple App Store herunterladen, einschließlich des Google Play Store, (die "Vertriebsplattform") erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass die Bedingungen zwischen Ihnen und uns und nicht mit dem Anbieter der Vertriebsplattform ("Store-Anbieter") gelten.
App Stores. Wenn Sie unsere Apps von einem anderen App Store oder einer anderen Vertriebsplattform als dem Apple App Store herunterladen, einschließlich des Google Play Store, (die "Vertriebsplattform") erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass sie die Apps gemäß den jeweils aktuellen Nutzungsbedingungen des Anbieters der Vertriebsplattform nutzen müssen.
App Stores. Wenn Sie unsere Apps von einem anderen App Store oder einer anderen Vertriebsplattform als dem Apple App Store herunterladen, einschließlich des Google Play Store, (die "Vertriebsplattform") erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass der Store-Anbieter nur ein Anbieter der Vertriebsplattform ist, bei der Sie die Apps erhalten haben.
App Stores. Wenn Sie unsere Apps von einem anderen App Store oder einer anderen Vertriebsplattform als dem Apple App Store herunterladen, einschließlich des Google Play Store, (die "Vertriebsplattform") erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass wir und nicht der Store-Anbieter die alleinige Verantwortung für die Apps tragen.
App Stores. Wenn Sie unsere Apps von einem anderen App Store oder einer anderen Vertriebsplattform als dem Apple App Store herunterladen, einschließlich des Google Play Store, (die "Vertriebsplattform") erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass der Store-Anbieter Ihnen gegenüber keine Verpflichtung oder Haftung in Bezug auf die Apps oder die Bedingungen übernimmt und
App Stores. Wenn Sie unsere Apps von einem anderen App Store oder einer anderen Vertriebsplattform als dem Apple App Store herunterladen, einschließlich des Google Play Store, (die "Vertriebsplattform") erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass sie anerkennen und damit einverstanden sind, dass der Store-Anbieter ein Drittbegünstigter aus den Bedingungen, die sich auf die Apps beziehen, ist.
Apple App Store. Dieser Abschnitt findet Anwendung, wenn die Apps im Apple App Store erworben wurden. Sie erkennen an und erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass die Bedingungen ausschließlich zwischen Ihnen und uns und nicht zwischen der Apple, Inc. ("Apple") gelten und dass Apple keine Verantwortung für die Apps oder deren Inhalt trägt. Sie müssen die Apps gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen des App Store nutzen.
Sie erkennen an, dass Apple keinerlei Verpflichtung hat, Wartungs- und Supportdienste in Bezug auf die Apps bereitzustellen. Erfüllen die Apps eine geltende Gewährleistung nicht, können Sie Apple benachrichtigen, und wird Apple Ihnen den Kaufpreis für die Apps erstatten; soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, obliegt Apple keinerlei sonstigen Gewährleistungspflicht in Bezug auf die Apps, und etwaige sonstigen Ansprüche, Verluste, Verbindlichkeiten, Schäden, Kosten oder Ausgaben, die auf die Verletzung einer Gewährleistung zurückzuführen sind, unterliegen ausschließlich den Bedingungen und den Gesetzen, die für uns als Anbieter der Apps gelten.
Sie erkennen an, dass Apple nicht für die Bearbeitung von Ansprüchen Ihrerseits oder seitens Dritter in Bezug auf die Apps oder Ihren Besitz und/oder Ihre Nutzung der Apps verantwortlich ist, wie unter anderem für: Produkthaftungsansprüche; jegliche Behauptung, dass die Apps nicht den geltenden gesetzlichen oder behördlichen Anforderungen entsprechen; und Ansprüche aus Verbraucherschutz- oder ähnlichen Gesetzen; und alle derartigen Ansprüche unterliegen ausschließlich den Bedingungen und den Gesetzen, die für uns als Anbieter der Software gelten.
Sie erkennen an, dass im Falle eines Anspruchs Dritter dahingehend, dass die Apps oder Ihr Besitz und Ihre Nutzung dieser Apps die Rechte des geistigen Eigentums dieses Dritten verletzen, TFH, nicht Apple, die alleinige Verantwortung für die Untersuchung, Verteidigung, Beilegung und Begleichung eines solchen Anspruchs wegen Verletzung von geistigem Eigentum trägt, soweit dies gemäß den Bedingungen erforderlich ist.
Sie versichern und gewährleisten, dass Sie sich nicht in einem Land befinden, das einem Embargo der US-Regierung unterliegt oder das von der US-Regierung als "Terrorismus unterstützendes" Land bezeichnet wurde, und Sie nicht auf einer Liste der US-Regierung mit verbotenen oder eingeschränkten Parteien aufgeführt sind.
Sie und TFH erkennen an und stimmen zu, dass Apple und die Tochtergesellschaften von Apple Drittbegünstigte aus Nutzungsbedingungen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Lizenz für die Apps sind und dass Apple nach Annahme der Nutzungsbedingungen Ihrerseits das Recht hat (und es wird angenommen, dass Apple das Recht angenommen hat), die Nutzungsbedingungen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Lizenz für die Apps als Drittbegünstigter gegen Sie durchzusetzen.
Beschwerdeverfahren. Wir haben einen Beschwerdebeauftragten für Indien ernannt, wie unten vorgesehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Beschwerdebeauftragte nur von Benutzern in Indien gemäß den Vorschriften Indiens zur Informationstechnologie (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code), 2021, kontaktiert werden sollte. Es kann eine zusätzliche Benutzerverifizierung verlangt werden.
Beschwerdebeauftragter: Jannick Preiwisch
E-MAIL-ID: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Condiciones para el usuario de Tools For Humanity
¡Le damos la bienvenida a la comunidad de Worldcoin! Worldcoin es un protocolo de código abierto, respaldado por una comunidad global de desarrolladores, individuos y otros colaboradores. Tools for Humanity es una empresa global de desarrollo de software y hardware que crea las herramientas para llevar tecnologías y productos de cadena de bloques e identidad digital a miles de millones de personas, incluso contribuyendo al desarrollo y crecimiento del ecosistema de Worldcoin. 
Estas Condiciones quedan establecidas entre usted y Tools for Humanity Corporation, una corporación de Delaware (en conjunto con nuestras subsidiarias, "TFH", "nosotros" o "nos") y rigen su uso y acceso a nuestros sitios web y aplicaciones, incluidas la World App y la aplicación para operadores (en conjunto, las "Aplicaciones"), y a todas las funcionalidades, contenido y servicios asociados que le ofrecemos (en conjunto, los "Servicios") en relación con el protocolo de Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Lea atentamente estas Condiciones antes de utilizar o acceder a los Servicios. Al acceder o utilizar cualquiera de los Servicios que prestamos, usted acepta expresamente quedar obligado por estas Condiciones y por nuestra Declaración de privacidad, que se incorpora como parte de estas Condiciones.
Tenga en cuenta estas partes especialmente importantes de estas Condiciones usted acepta resolver toda disputa entre usted y TFH mediante arbitraje vinculante y no en los tribunales. Revise el apartado 15 a continuación para obtener más detalles.
Los productos de criptomonedas, incluidos los Tokens digitales, no están prácticamente regulados y pueden suponer un alto riesgo. Es posible que no exista ningún remedio normativo por cualquier pérdida derivada de dichas transacciones.
Nada de lo contenido en los Servicios constituye una oferta de venta ni publicidad sobre una oferta de compra de valores o Tokens digitales. Los Servicios no constituyen asesoramiento en materia de inversión. Es posible que donde viva no se permita tener, comprar o vender Tokens digitales (según se define en el apartado a continuación), y es responsabilidad suya cumplir con toda legislación aplicable. Considere si comprar, vender, usar o tener Tokens digitales, es adecuado para usted en vista de sus circunstancias financieras y su comprensión de los Tokens digitales. El valor de los Tokens digitales puede cambiar rápidamente y pueden perder todo su valor. 
Además, los tokens Worldcoin ("WLD") no están destinados a estar disponibles para su uso, compra o acceso por parte de personas en los Estados Unidos, incluidos ciudadanos estadounidenses, residentes o personas en los Estados Unidos, o empresas constituidas, ubicadas o residentes en los Estados Unidos, o que tengan un agente registrado en los Estados Unidos. No ponemos WLD a disposición de dichas personas estadounidenses. Además, usted acepta que no venderá, transferirá ni pondrá WLD a disposición de personas de los EE. UU. 
Puede encontrar más información sobre los riesgos asociados a WLD aquí. 
Alcance de las Condiciones
Privacidad y sus datos. Al acceder a las Aplicaciones, puede proporcionarnos categorías de información personal, como su nombre o número de teléfono. Si facilita información como prueba de condición de persona y para solicitar sus tokens WLD, es posible que proporcione categorías especiales de datos personales sensibles, como su información biométrica. Nuestra Declaración de privacidad describe los datos que recopilamos de usted y cómo los utilizamos. No utilice los Servicios si no desea que recopilemos o utilicemos sus datos de la forma descrita en la Declaración de privacidad. 
Elegibilidad. Para utilizar los Servicios, debe cumplir con estas Condiciones y con todas las leyes aplicables. No puede utilizar los Servicios para llevar a cabo, promover o ayudar a otros a llevar a cabo ninguna actividad ilegal.
Además, debe cumplir todos los criterios siguientes tener 18 años o más; y
Además, debe cumplir todos los criterios siguientes no estar radicado en, bajo el control de, ni ser ciudadano o residente de: Siria, las regiones de Crimea, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson y Zaporizhzhia de Ucrania, Rusia, Corea del Norte, Irán, Cuba o cualquier otro país o región con los que Estados Unidos, la Unión Europea o cualquier otro país o jurisdicción haya restringido el acceso de los servicios.
Además, debe cumplir todos los criterios siguientes no ser un "Ciudadano especialmente designado" según la Oficina de control de activos extranjeros ("OFAC", por sus siglas en inglés) del Departamento del Tesoro de los EE. UU. ni las listas de sanciones de ningún otro país, y no figurar en la Lista de personas denegadas del Departamento de Comercio de los EE. UU. ni en las listas de personas prohibidas de ningún otro país.
Si no cumple todos estos requisitos, no se le permite acceder a los Servicios ni utilizarlos. 
Disponibilidad. Puede accederse a las páginas web que describen los Servicios desde cualquier parte del mundo, pero esto no significa que todos los Servicios o funciones de servicio sean legales o estén disponibles en su país. El acceso a ciertos Servicios (o ciertas funciones del Servicio) en determinados países puede verse bloqueado por nosotros o por gobiernos de países extranjeros. El acceso a Orb y a nuestros Operadores de Orb no estará disponible en Texas, Illinois, Washington, Portland, OR y Baltimore, MD. No puede utilizar VPN o herramientas similares con el fin de eludir cualquier restricción. Es posible que el acceso a las Aplicaciones, y ciertas funciones dentro de las Aplicaciones, no esté disponible o esté restringido, dependiendo de su ubicación. Es su responsabilidad asegurarse de que usa los Servicios conforme a la legalidad cuando los utilice. Los servicios no están disponibles en todos los idiomas. 
Actualizaciones. Podemos cambiar en estas Condiciones según sea necesario. Si lo hacemos, pondremos a su disposición las condiciones actualizadas en los Servicios. Usted entiende y acepta que el hecho de continuar usando los Servicios después de que las hayamos cambiado significa que acepta las Condiciones actualizadas. Puede dejar de utilizar los Servicios en cualquier momento si no acepta las Condiciones. Debido a que los Servicios evolucionan con el tiempo, podemos cambiar o interrumpir la totalidad o parte de estos, en cualquier momento y sin previo aviso, a nuestra entera discreción.
Condiciones adicionales. Las condiciones adicionales pueden regir para aplicaciones, contenido, funciones o partes específicas de los Servicios, y todas esas condiciones adicionales que le indiquemos formarán parte de las presentes Condiciones.
Servicios
Billetera no custodiada
La World App incluye una billetera no alojada y no custodiada para mantener criptomonedas compatibles, tokens no fungibles (NFT, por sus siglas en inglés), monedas digitales o activos digitales (incluidos WLD y, en conjunto, "Tokens digitales"). Usted tiene el control sobre los Tokens digitales guardados en la billetera. Con la World App, las claves privadas (que representan la contraseña para acceder a la criptomoneda) se almacenan directamente en su dispositivo. En cualquier momento, a condición de tener acceso a Internet y dependiendo de la congestión en la cadena de bloques, puede retirar sus Tokens digitales si los envía a una dirección de cadena de bloques diferente. Si mantiene sus Tokens digitales en la billetera, Worldcoin no controla su billetera, sus Tokens digitales ni sus claves privadas. Los usuarios son responsables del riesgo de pérdida de sus claves privadas y ni TFH ni la World App pueden recuperarlas.
Dado que la World App es una billetera no custodiada, se le dará una dirección de billetera que especifica dónde se guardan sus Tokens digitales en la cadena de bloques correspondiente. Se puede acceder a la dirección de su billetera mediante otras soluciones de billetera no custodiada.
Tokens digitales compatibles
La World App admite tokens ERC-20. Es posible que en el futuro añadamos compatibilidad con otros Tokens digitales. Dentro de World App puede ver qué Token digitales son compatibles con la misma. 
Usted entiende que enviar Tokens digitales no compatibles a la dirección de su billetera World App puede implicar la pérdida total del acceso a esos Tokens digitales. No tenemos forma de recuperar los Tokens digitales enviados a la dirección de billetera incorrecta. Asegúrese en todo momento de enviar los Tokens digitales correctos a la dirección de billetera correcta y haga siempre una prueba de transacción con una pequeña cantidad de Tokens digitales.
Ofertas y acceso
Cuando interactúe con sus Tokens digitales mediante los Servicios, por ejemplo, enviándolos a otra dirección de cadena de bloques o conectándose a una aplicación distribuida, se le solicitará que apruebe o "firme" la interacción a través de los dispositivos que haya indicado durante el proceso de integración. Las Aplicaciones confían plenamente en sus aprobaciones de estos dispositivos para iniciar interacciones con la cadena de bloques pertinente. Usted entiende que está interactuando directamente con la cadena de bloques pertinente cuando realiza estas interacciones, y que no somos responsables de transmitir órdenes en su nombre. 
Información sobre terceros
Al utilizar los Servicios, puede tener acceso a información relativa a sus Tokens digitales, como, entre otros, su valor de mercado actual. La presentación de esta información no implica ninguna asociación ni aval de terceros, incluso aunque ciertas funcionalidades ofrecidas en relación con los Servicios requieran el uso de productos de dichos terceros. El contenido de los servicios y productos de esos terceros, según se establece a través de los Servicios, se basa en información puesta a disposición del público o que esos terceros nos comuniquen y, por lo tanto, no hacemos declaraciones ni garantías sobre la precisión de un determinado servicio o de información relacionada con productos de terceros.
Servicios de pago externos
Los Servicios pueden ofrecerle enlaces a procesadores externos para procesar transacciones como compras fiduciarias de Tokens digitales, venta de Tokens digitales, intercambio de Tokens digitales y otras funcionalidades que puedan estar disponibles en el futuro. Puede comprobar qué servicios de terceros están disponibles en World App. Cuando realiza estas transacciones, está realizando transacciones con terceros y no con nosotros. Debe seguir las instrucciones pertinentes facilitadas por el proveedor externo y aceptar sus condiciones de servicio. En ningún momento mientras prestamos los Servicios o cuando usted accede a servicios de terceros tomamos el control ni transmitimos sus fondos o Tokens digitales.
Transacciones entre pares
Iniciando transacciones a través de los Servicios, puede enviar Tokens digitales compatibles a terceros y solicitar, recibir y almacenar Tokens digitales compatibles de terceros. Su transferencia de Tokens digitales compatibles entre sus demás billeteras de cadena de bloques y con origen y destino en terceros constituye una transferencia. Cuando usted o un tercero envía Tokens digitales a su dirección de billetera, la persona que inicia la transacción es la única responsable de ejecutarla correctamente, lo que puede incluir, entre otras cosas, el pago de suficientes tarifas de red o de minería para que la transacción se confirme. Si los cargos de red son insuficientes, el estado de una transferencia podría permanecer pendiente y dar lugar a demoras o pérdidas incurridas como resultado de un error en el inicio de la transacción. No tenemos obligación de ayudar en la subsanación de dichas transacciones. Cuando envía un Token digital desde su billetera a otra billetera de cadena de bloques, es usted quien ejecuta dichas transferencias en cadena y no están bajo nuestro control. Debe verificar toda la información de la transacción antes de enviarla. No asumimos ninguna responsabilidad en caso de que introduzca una dirección de cadena de bloques de destino incorrecta. Las transferencias de Tokens digitales no se pueden anular una vez que se han difundido a la red de cadena de bloques pertinente, aunque puede que estén en estado pendiente y designadas en consecuencia, mientras los operadores de red procesan la transacción. No controlamos la red ni garantizamos que la red confirme una determinada transferencia.
Mercado P2P
Allá donde esté disponible, ofrecemos un Mercado P2P para comprar y vender ciertos Tokens digitales. El Mercado P2P se rige por términos complementarios, que puede encontrar aquí. 
Aplicaciones descentralizadas
Es posible que tengamos funciones que le permitan conectar su billetera con varias aplicaciones descentralizadas. Usted es el único responsable de garantizar la seguridad de estas aplicaciones de terceros. No tenemos control sobre aplicaciones de terceros ni podemos ofrecer asistencia para ningún problema que se encuentre al conectarse con aplicaciones de terceros.
Atención al cliente
Ofrecemos asistencia al cliente para ciertas características y funciones en relación con los Servicios. Para ponerse en contacto, seleccione "Asistencia" en el menú de la aplicación. 
Protocolo de World ID
La Worldcoin Foundation controla el Protocolo de World ID. Podemos poner a su disposición el Protocolo de World ID a través del Servicio. El Protocolo de World ID le permite demostrar que es un ser humano real y único, a la vez que protege su privacidad. 
Al registrarse en World ID, confirma que nunca antes se ha registrado en World ID y que solo se está registrando una vez. Aunque hacemos todo lo posible para garantizar que World ID sea preciso, no hay garantía de que el servicio sea 100 % fiable y exacto. Además, existe la posibilidad de que se produzca un falso positivo cuando intente registrarse en World ID por primera vez. Al utilizar World ID, acepta todos los términos y condiciones que se encuentran en el presente documento, incluidos los términos establecidos por la Worldcoin Foundation. 
Aprenda a ganar
Podemos poner a su disposición ciertos materiales informativos y cuestionarios en World App ("L2E"). Después de completar un curso de L2E, puede recibir Activos digitales como recompensa. La información proporcionada en la función L2E es solo para fines informativos y puede no ser plenamente completa, precisa o actualizada. No somos responsables de ningún contenido de la función L2E y no debe usted confiar en la información contenida en ella. 
La recompensa proporcionada dentro de la función L2E es una cantidad nominal y discrecional de Activos digitales que le proporcionamos. Debe tener un ID de World para participar en L2E y recibir las recompensas. Usted es el único responsable de cumplir con todas las obligaciones en relación con la recompensa que reciba, incluidas las obligaciones fiscales. Podemos suspender la función L2E en cualquier momento sin previo aviso. 
Bonos y reservas de WLD
Una vez que se haya inscrito correctamente en World ID, podremos permitirle reclamar una pequeña cantidad de WLD a intervalos diferentes ("Bonos WLD"). Si aún no se ha inscrito en World ID, podemos permitirle reservar Bonos de WLD con antelación ("Reservas de WLD"). Los Bonos de WLD y las Reservas de WLD los proporciona World Assets Limited, una subsidiaria de la Worldcoin Foundation. Los importes, intervalos y plazos exactos de los Bonos de WLD y las Reservas de WLD se especificarán en World App, pero los determinará únicamente World Assets Limited. Al permitirle solicitar Reservas de WLD, no garantizamos que vaya a recibir ninguna cantidad de Bonos de WLD. Las Reservas de WLD pueden caducar, con o sin previo aviso en World App, independientemente de si ya ha realizado una Reserva de WLD o ha recibido el Bono de WLD asociado. Son revocables a nuestra entera discreción. 
Aplicación para operadores
Para los operadores de Orb y otros socios, ponemos a su disposición una aplicación para operadores que le permite supervisar cierta actividad y estadísticas relevantes para usted y su negocio como operador de Orb. También podemos proporcionar ciertas funciones para ayudarle a llevar a cabo su negocio como operador de Orb.
Compras, cargos e impuestos
Cargos por transacción. Al utilizar los Servicios, usted acepta pagar todas los cargos correspondientes, incluidos los cargos de transacción para permutas y transacciones de Tokens digitales. Le informaremos de cualquier cargo aplicable antes de que efectúe una transacción. Si utiliza un servicio de pago externo, los cargos bancarios, así como los cargos de tarjeta de crédito y débito que se cobren por cualquier compra de Tokens digitales, quizá se compensen restándolos a la cantidad liquidada que supongan sus compras de Tokens digitales. Usted también es responsable de pagar cualquier cargo adicional que cobre su proveedor de servicios financieros. 
Cargo de red. Las interacciones con la cadena de bloques también incurren en un cargo de red. El cargo de red se cobra y se abona a la red de cadena de bloques, no a nosotros, por facilitar las interacciones. 
Impuestos. Es responsabilidad suya en exclusiva determinar si, y en qué medida, se aplica algún impuesto a una transacción a través de los Servicios, y retener, cobrar, informar y remitir el importe de impuestos correcto a las autoridades tributarias correspondientes. 
Actualizaciones. Todos los cargos se muestran y actualizan según se reflejan en los Servicios y pueden actualizarse y modificarse según sea necesario.
Factores de riesgo
No es moneda de curso legal. Los Tokens digitales no son una moneda de curso legal, no están avalados por ningún gobierno, y las cuentas de Tokens digitales y los saldos de valor en los Servicios no cuentan con las protecciones del Organismo federal de garantía de depósitos, del Organismo de protección de inversiones en valores ni protecciones similares existentes en otros países. No somos un banco ni ofrecemos servicios fiduciarios. Las transacciones realizadas a través de World App no están prácticamente reguladas en muchos países. No garantizamos la funcionalidad de las cadenas de bloques que admitimos, lo que podría, entre otras cosas, provocar retrasos, conflictos de intereses o decisiones operativas por parte de terceros que sean desfavorables para ciertos propietarios de Tokens digitales, o imposibilitar que usted complete una transacción a través de los Servicios. Es posible que los detalles de la transacción que envíe a través de los Servicios no se completen, o que se retrasen sustancialmente en la cadena de bloques aplicable, y no asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por el hecho de que una transacción no se confirme o procese según lo esperado. No existen garantías de que una transferencia iniciada a través de los Servicios consiga transferir la titularidad o el derecho en un Token digital. Además, puede haber riesgos específicos para el uso de ciertos Activos digitales, como WLD. Puede encontrar más información sobre los riesgos específicos de WLD aquí. 
Nueva tecnología. Los Servicios son nuevos. Aunque se ha probado ampliamente, el software utilizado para los Servicios sigue siendo relativamente nuevo y podría presentar errores o vulnerabilidades de seguridad. Además, el software todavía está en desarrollo y podría sufrir cambios significativos con el tiempo que quizá no satisfagan las expectativas de los usuarios.
Riesgo de seguridad de la información. Los Tokens digitales y el uso de los Servicios podrían sufrir expropiación o robo. Los hackers y demás grupos u organizaciones malintencionadas pueden intentar interferir con los Servicios de diversas maneras, como, entre otras, con ataques de malware, ataques de denegación de servicio, ataques basados en algoritmos de consenso, ataques Sybil, smurfing y spoofing. Además, debido a que las redes de cadena de bloques que admitimos, como el protocolo Ethereum, se basan en software de código abierto, el software subyacente a los Servicios puede contener errores o debilidades, intencionales o no, que quizá afecten negativamente a los Servicios o den lugar a la pérdida de los Tokens digitales del usuario o a que este no pueda acceder o controlar su billetera a través de los Servicios. En caso de que se produzca un error o una debilidad en el software, es posible que no exista ningún recurso y que no se garantice a los usuarios ninguna solución, reembolso o compensación.
Precisión. Aunque pretendemos facilitar información precisa y oportuna a través de los Servicios (incluido, entre otros, el contenido) puede que no sea siempre totalmente precisa, completa o actual, y que incluya inexactitudes técnicas o errores tipográficos. En un esfuerzo por continuar facilitándole la información más completa y precisa posible, la información, en la medida permitida por la legislación aplicable, podría modificarse o actualizarse ocasionalmente sin previo aviso, lo que incluye, de manera no taxativa, la información sobre nuestras políticas, productos y servicios. En consecuencia, debe verificar toda la información antes de confiar en ella, y todas las decisiones basadas en información facilitada a través de los Servicios serán responsabilidad suya en exclusiva, sin que tengamos nosotros ninguna responsabilidad por tales decisiones. 
Disponibilidad. Aunque nos esforzamos por ofrecerle un servicio excelente, no garantizamos que los Servicios estén disponibles sin interrupción. Es posible que los Servicios no estén disponibles temporalmente, por motivos de mantenimiento u otros. No asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por ningún error, omisión, interrupción, eliminación, defecto, retraso en el funcionamiento o la transmisión, fallo de la línea de comunicaciones, robo o destrucción, acceso no autorizado o alteración de las comunicaciones del usuario. No somos responsables de ningún problema o mal funcionamiento técnico de ninguna red o línea telefónica, sistemas informáticos en línea, servidores o proveedores, equipos informáticos, software, fallo de correo electrónico o de los actores debido a problemas técnicos o congestión de tráfico en Internet o en los Servicios o su combinación, incluidos daños o perjuicios a los usuarios o al ordenador de cualquier otra persona por la participación o descarga de materiales, o resultantes de estas, en relación con los Servicios. No somos responsables de ninguna pérdida o daño, perjuicio financiero o pérdida de beneficios, lucro cesante ni lesiones físicas o muerte, resultantes del uso del Servicio por parte de cualquier persona, de cualquier Contenido publicado en o a través del Servicio o transmitido a los usuarios, o de cualquier interacción entre usuarios de los Servicios, ya sea en Internet o en persona.
Forks. El software utilizado para crear WLD es de código abierto y gratuito para que cualquier persona lo copie y lo utilice. Esto significa que cualquier persona puede crear una versión modificada de WLD, también conocida como bifurcación o "Fork". En caso de una Fork o cualquier otra perturbación de una red de Tokens digitales, es posible que nuestro software no sea compatible con las actividades relacionadas con la Fork. Las transacciones podrían no completarse, completarse parcialmente, completarse incorrectamente o retrasarse sustancialmente cuando se produce una Fork. No somos responsables de ninguna pérdida en la que incurra cuya causa sea total o parcialmente una Fork u otra perturbación de la red.
Servicios de pago externos. Dependemos de proveedores de servicios externos para proporcionar algunas características y funcionalidades dentro de las Aplicaciones, por ejemplo, la capacidad de comprar Activos digitales con moneda fiduciaria o la capacidad de intercambiar un Activo digital por otro. No proporcionamos estos servicios y no somos parte de ninguna transacción de este tipo. Usted depende únicamente de proveedores externos para estos servicios, y debe tener una cuenta con los proveedores externos y aceptar sus términos. No podemos ayudarle si tiene problemas para usar su servicio, y no somos responsables de ninguna transacción que realice con proveedores externos. 
Propiedad intelectual.
Titularidad. Nuestro software, la aplicación, los Servicios, el Contenido, las Marcas de (según se definen a continuación) y el diseño, la selección y la disposición del Contenido en los Servicios (la "PI") están protegidos por derechos de autor, marcas comerciales, patentes y demás derechos y leyes de propiedad intelectual en los Estados Unidos y demás países correspondientes. Usted acepta cumplir con todos los derechos y leyes de propiedad intelectual correspondientes, así como con cualquier aviso o restricción de marca comercial o derechos de autor contenidos en el Contrato o los Servicios. No puede eliminar ningún aviso de derechos de autor, marca comercial o propiedad contenidos en la PI. 
Marcas comerciales. El nombre de Tools for Humanity Corporation, el nombre y diseño de Worldcoin, el logotipo de "Seven Hands" y todos los logotipos y eslóganes relacionados son marcas comerciales o marcas de servicio de Tools for Humanity Corporation o sus licenciantes ("Marcas"). No puede copiar, imitar ni utilizar las Marcas, en su totalidad o en parte, sin nuestro permiso por escrito. Todas las demás marcas comerciales, nombres o logotipos mencionados en relación con los Servicios son propiedad de sus respectivos propietarios y usted no puede copiarlos, imitarlos ni utilizarlos, en su totalidad ni en parte, sin el permiso por escrito del propietario de la marca comercial correspondiente. La inclusión de cualquier marca de terceros en los Servicios no constituye una aprobación, un aval ni una recomendación por nuestra parte.
Licencia y restricciones
Licencia. Siempre que sea elegible para utilizar los Servicios y que cumpla estas Condiciones, por la presente le otorgamos una licencia limitada para acceder y utilizar los Servicios.
Restricciones de licencia. No puede volver a publicar Contenido en ningún sitio de Internet, Intranet o Extranet ni incorporar la información en ninguna otra base de datos o compilación, y está terminantemente prohibido cualquier otro uso del Contenido. Se prohíbe terminantemente todo uso de los Servicios que no sea el específicamente autorizado en el presente documento y sin nuestro permiso previo por escrito. El incumplimiento de lo anterior dará lugar a la rescisión de la licencia otorgada en el presente documento. Dicho uso no autorizado también podría infringir las leyes aplicables, incluidas, entre otras, las leyes de derechos de autor y marcas comerciales o las normativas y reglamentaciones aplicables en materia de comunicaciones. A menos que se indique explícitamente en el presente documento, nada de lo contenido en estas Condiciones se interpreta como una concesión de licencia sobre derechos de propiedad intelectual, ya sea en virtud de la doctrina de actos propios, por inferencia o de otro modo. Esta licencia es revocable por nuestra parte en cualquier momento sin previo aviso y con o sin causa justificada.
Gobierno. Si usted es un usuario final del Gobierno de los EE. UU., le otorgamos la licencia de los Servicios como un "Artículo comercial", conforme se define ese término en el Código de Reglamentos Federales de los EE. UU. (consulte el título 48 del C. F. R., apdo. §2.101), y los derechos que le otorgamos a los Servicios son los mismos que los derechos que concedemos a todos los demás en virtud de estas Condiciones.
Uso aceptable
Puede utilizar los Servicios solo para su propio uso personal. Nos reservamos el derecho, en todo momento y a nuestra entera discreción, de revisar, cancelar o suspender su acceso o uso de los Servicios. Los elementos de la lista de usos prohibidos son meros ejemplos, la lista no es exhaustiva; añadiremos o eliminaremos usos prohibidos a nuestra entera discreción. 
Los Usos prohibidos incluyen actividad ilegal: Toda actividad que vulnere o contribuya a la vulneración de cualquier programa de sanciones administrado por la OFAC; vulnere o contribuya a la vulneración de cualquier ley en los países donde operamos; implique ganancias fruto de cualquier actividad ilegal; o publique, distribuya o difunda material o información ilegal.
Los Usos prohibidos incluyen uso excesivo o pirateo: Toda actividad que imponga una carga irrazonable o desproporcionadamente grande a nuestra infraestructura; interfiera, intercepte o expropie cualquier sistema, dato o información; transmita o cargue material a los Servicios que contenga virus, troyanos, gusanos o cualquier otro programa perjudicial o dañino; o intente obtener acceso no autorizado a los sistemas informáticos o redes conectados a los Servicios.
Los Usos prohibidos incluyen abuso de terceros: Toda actividad que interfiera con el acceso o uso de los Servicios por parte de otra persona; difame, abuse, extorsione, acose, aceche, amenace o infrinja de otro modo la privacidad, la propiedad intelectual o cualquier otro derecho de otra persona contemplado por la legislación; incite, amenace, facilite, promueva o fomente actos violentos, de odio o de intolerancia racial contra otros; o recopile, extraiga o recoja datos de otro usuario de los Servicios sin permiso.
Los Usos prohibidos incluyen fraude y demás prácticas comerciales desleales: Toda actividad que opere para defraudarnos a nosotros, a nuestros usuarios o a cualquier otra persona; que nos proporcione información falsa, inexacta o engañosa; que prometa recompensas irrazonablemente altas o venda un servicio sin beneficio adicional para el comprador; o promueva otras prácticas depredadoras y engañosas, incluidas loterías ilegales, sorteos, subastas de tarifas al mejor postor, concursos, tómbolas, juegos de azar o cualquier otro juego de suerte.
Los Usos prohibidos incluyen infracción de la propiedad intelectual: Toda actividad que implique vender, distribuir o dar acceso a música, películas, software u otros materiales con licencia que estén falsificados y carezcan de la autorización adecuada del titular de los derechos; utilice la PI (incluidas las Marcas) sin consentimiento expreso o de una manera que nos dañe o dañe nuestra marca; de a entender falsamente la existencia de un aval o afiliación con nosotros; o infrinja o vulnere cualquier derecho de autor, marca comercial, derecho de publicidad o privacidad, o cualquier otro derecho de propiedad en virtud de la ley.
Los Usos prohibidos incluyen 8. Operadores de Orb
Nos asociamos con contratistas locales independientes, llamados "Operadores de Orb", que facilitan el registro de usuarios y ayudan a responder las preguntas que usted pueda tener sobre nosotros. Estos Operadores de Orb han recibido formación y conocen Worldcoin. Sin embargo, no tenemos control sobre ellos y renunciamos a toda responsabilidad por lo que afirmen o cómo se comporten. Los Operadores de Orb no son nuestros representantes ni empleados bajo ningún supuesto. Ninguna iniciativa, función, proceso, política, norma ni demás proyectos que TFH lleve a cabo en interés de sus usuarios será indicio de una relación de empleo ni representación con un Operador de Orb. 
Suspensión
Podremos suspender y restringir su acceso a los Servicios: si así nos lo exige una citación, orden judicial u orden vinculante de una autoridad gubernamental aparentemente válidas; ii) si sospechamos, dentro de lo razonable, que utiliza el Servicio en relación con un Uso prohibido; iii) si el uso que usted hace de los Servicios está sujeto a algún litigio pendiente, investigación o procedimiento gubernamental o percibimos un mayor riesgo de incumplimiento de la legislación o la normativa asociado con su actividad; iv) si nuestros socios de servicio no admiten su uso; si usted toma cualquier medida que consideremos que elude nuestros controles.
No es una oferta de valores o participación en materias primas
El contenido de los Servicios no constituye una oferta para comprar o vender, ni publicidad de una oferta para comprar o vender, inversiones, valores, participaciones de sociedad, materias primas ni ningún otro instrumento financiero. El contenido o los Servicios tampoco constituyen una oferta o publicidad, ni se pueden utilizar para ofrecer ni publicitar ni en relación con ello, por parte de ninguna persona, ni en ningún estado o jurisdicción en la que dicha oferta o publicidad no esté autorizada o permitida, tampoco para ninguna persona a la que resulte ilegal ofrecerlo o publicitarlo.
Contenido
Confianza en el contenido y cambios en los Servicios. La información y el material que le proporcionamos a través de los Servicios ("Contenido") tiene únicamente fines de información general, y no garantizamos su exactitud, utilidad o integridad. Cualquier confianza que deposite en nuestro Contenido es estrictamente a su cuenta y riesgo. No tenemos ninguna responsabilidad por ninguna medida que usted tome o deje de tomar debido al Contenido, ni ante ninguna persona con la que usted comparta el Contenido. Las declaraciones de otros usuarios que describen su uso de nuestros Servicios que se pueden encontrar en los Servicios o en cualquier otro lugar no deben entenderse como un aceptación por nuestra parte de sus declaraciones si las declaraciones son incompatibles con estas Condiciones o nuestro Contenido. Podremos actualizar el Contenido según sea necesario, pero es posible que dicho Contenido no esté completo o vigente, y no tenemos ninguna obligación para con usted de actualizar el Contenido ni ninguna otra parte de los Servicios. Podremos igualmente modificar o interrumpir, temporal o permanentemente, cualquier parte o todo el Contenido o los Servicios sin previo aviso. No seremos responsables de ninguna modificación, suspensión o interrupción de parte o de la totalidad del Contenido o los Servicios.
Servicios y contenido de terceros. Podremos facilitar enlaces a materiales educativos, seminarios web, reuniones y promociones en plataformas de redes sociales ("Servicios de terceros") que permitan compartir y colaborar entre usuarios y otros terceros. Si comparte cualquier información personal, imágenes, opiniones, contenido o cualquier otro dato sobre esos servicios, lo hace a su propio riesgo. El uso que usted haga de esos servicios se rige por las condiciones de uso y las políticas de privacidad de esos servicios, y no los nuestros. Debe revisar las condiciones de los servicios de cada Servicio de terceros para comprender mejor sus derechos y la forma en la que utilizan sus datos esas plataformas. No somos responsables de ninguna pérdida, robo, riesgo o uso indebido de sus datos relacionados con un Servicio de terceros (incluida la negligencia), excepto en la medida en que dicha responsabilidad no pueda limitarse porque así lo estipule la legislación aplicable. Si usa información facilitada por un Servicio de terceros ("Contenido de terceros") lo hace a su propio riesgo, y no le prometemos que el Contenido de terceros sea preciso, completo, auténtico o adecuado para sus circunstancias personales. El Contenido de terceros incluye información facilitada por otros usuarios que no avalamos específicamente.
Contenido de usuario. Como parte de la comunidad de Worldcoin puede publicar mensajes, datos, software, imágenes, vídeos u otro contenido ("Contenido de usuario") en paneles de mensajes, blogs, cuentas de redes sociales de nuestra propiedad, así como otras ubicaciones públicamente disponibles en los Servicios. Estos foros pueden estar alojados por nosotros o por un Proveedor de servicios externo en nuestro nombre. Usted es responsable de todo el Contenido de usuario que envíe, cargue, publique o almacene a través de los Servicios. Debe facilitar todas las advertencias, información y divulgaciones necesarias y apropiadas con respecto a su Contenido de usuario. No somos responsables de ningún Contenido de usuario que envíe a través de los Servicios.
Licencia de Contenido de usuario. Al enviarnos Contenido de usuario, usted declara que dispone de todos los derechos necesarios sobre el Contenido de usuario y, por lo tanto, nos otorga una licencia perpetua, mundial, no exclusiva, sin regalías, sublicenciable y transferible para usar, reproducir, distribuir, preparar obras derivadas, modificar, mostrar y ejecutar la totalidad o parte del Contenido de usuario en relación con nuestro marketing y promociones, y para cualquier otro fin comercial legítimo relacionado con los Servicios. Podremos redistribuir parte o la totalidad de los trabajos derivados de su Contenido de usuario en cualquier formato y a través de cualquier canal que elijamos. Por el presente documento, también nos otorga a nosotros y a otros usuarios una licencia no exclusiva para utilizar, acceder, reproducir, distribuir, modificar y mostrar su Contenido de usuario a través de los Servicios.
Restricciones al Contenido de usuario. Usted acepta no utilizar, ni permitir que terceros utilicen, los Servicios para publicar o transmitir Contenido de usuario que: sea calumnioso o difamatorio, o revele asuntos privados o personales relativos a cualquier persona; sea indecente, obsceno, pornográfico, intimidatorio, amenazante, abusivo, incite al odio, ofensivo para una raza o etnia; que fomente una conducta que se consideraría un delito penal, daría lugar a responsabilidades civiles, que vulnere cualquier ley o sea inapropiado en general; infrinja los derechos de propiedad intelectual de terceros, incluido el uso no autorizado de textos, imágenes o programas con derechos de autor, secretos comerciales u otra información confidencial reservada, o marcas comerciales o marcas de servicio utilizadas de forma infractora; o interfiera injustificadamente con el uso de los Servicios por parte de otro usuario. Usted declara que publica Contenido de usuario en los Servicios voluntariamente; en consecuencia, publicar Contenido de usuario no crea una relación de empleador y empleado entre nosotros. No puede copiar ni utilizar direcciones de correo electrónico, números de teléfono móvil, saldos, nombres de usuario ni ninguna otra información personal sobre otros usuarios sin su permiso. Se prohíben los correos electrónicos, correo postal, llamadas telefónicas u otras comunicaciones no solicitadas a otros usuarios a través de los Servicios o en cualquier otro canal.
Reclamaciones y retiradas en virtud de la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial o trabajo protegido por derechos de autor es objeto de infracción por nuestro Contenido o Contenido de usuario en los Servicios o se está publicando en general de manera que sugiera algún aval o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com con el asunto "Reclamación de [Marca comercial/derecho de autor]," según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre Derechos de Autor en el Milenio Digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), debe cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir en su correo electrónico la siguiente información identificación clara de la obra protegida por derechos de autor o marca que se alega que se ha infringido, incluido el número de registro de derechos de autor si la obra está registrada.
Reclamaciones y retiradas en virtud de la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial o trabajo protegido por derechos de autor es objeto de infracción por nuestro Contenido o Contenido de usuario en los Servicios o se está publicando en general de manera que sugiera algún aval o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com con el asunto "Reclamación de [Marca comercial/derecho de autor]," según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre Derechos de Autor en el Milenio Digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), debe cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir en su correo electrónico la siguiente información identificación del trabajo o marca que alega ser el origen de la infracción y que desea eliminar.
Reclamaciones y retiradas en virtud de la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial o trabajo protegido por derechos de autor es objeto de infracción por nuestro Contenido o Contenido de usuario en los Servicios o se está publicando en general de manera que sugiera algún aval o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com con el asunto "Reclamación de [Marca comercial/derecho de autor]," según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre Derechos de Autor en el Milenio Digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), debe cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir en su correo electrónico la siguiente información la URL u otra dirección clara que nos permita localizar el contenido presuntamente infractor.
Reclamaciones y retiradas en virtud de la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial o trabajo protegido por derechos de autor es objeto de infracción por nuestro Contenido o Contenido de usuario en los Servicios o se está publicando en general de manera que sugiera algún aval o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com con el asunto "Reclamación de [Marca comercial/derecho de autor]," según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre Derechos de Autor en el Milenio Digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), debe cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir en su correo electrónico la siguiente información su dirección de correo electrónico, dirección postal y número de teléfono; y
Reclamaciones y retiradas en virtud de la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial o trabajo protegido por derechos de autor es objeto de infracción por nuestro Contenido o Contenido de usuario en los Servicios o se está publicando en general de manera que sugiera algún aval o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com con el asunto "Reclamación de [Marca comercial/derecho de autor]," según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre Derechos de Autor en el Milenio Digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), debe cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir en su correo electrónico la siguiente información una declaración firmada de que usted cree, de buena fe, que el contenido tiene carácter infractor, que la información que proporciona es correcta y que usted es el propietario o está autorizado a representar al propietario del contenido.
También debe tener en cuenta que, en virtud del apartado 512(f) de la DMCA, cualquier persona que envíe a sabiendas avisos de infracción infundados puede ser responsable por daños y perjuicios, por lo que le rogamos no envíe ninguna alegación falsa. Podremos compartir con terceros, incluida la persona que cargó el material presuntamente infractor en el Servicio, cualquier información o correspondencia que usted nos proporcione.
Cuando recibimos un aviso de infracción presentado de buena fe, nuestra política es: eliminar o deshabilitar inmediatamente el acceso al contenido infractor; notificar a la persona que cargó el material infractor que hemos eliminado o deshabilitado el acceso al material; y para los infractores reincidentes, rescindir el acceso de la persona a los Servicios. Si recibimos de dicha persona una notificación para argumentar en contra, podremos enviarle una copia de esta explicando que quizá restauremos el material eliminado o dejemos de deshabilitarlo dentro de 10 días hábiles. A menos que presente usted una acción para solicitar una orden judicial contra nosotros o contra la persona que cargó el contenido, restableceremos el acceso al material eliminado en un plazo de 10 a 14 días hábiles o más después de la recepción de la contranotificación, a nuestra discreción.
DESCARGO DE RESPONSABILIDAD DE GARANTÍAS 
Si usa los Servicios lo hace bajo su propio riesgo. Los Servicios, WLD, el contenido y toda la demás PI se ofrecen "TAL CUAL" y "SEGÚN DISPONIBILIDAD", sin ninguna declaración ni garantía, ya sea expresa, implícita o al amparo de la legislación. En la máxima medida permitida por la legislación aplicable, denegamos específicamente toda garantía implícita de titularidad, comerciabilidad, idoneidad para un fin particular o ausencia de infracción en cuanto a las características, contenido u otra PI contenida en los Servicios. Algunas jurisdicciones no permiten la exclusión de garantías implícitas, por lo que es posible que las exclusiones anteriores no sean de aplicación en su caso. No avalamos, garantizamos ni asumimos la responsabilidad de ningún anuncio, oferta o declaración que hagan terceros, incluidos otros usuarios, en relación con los Servicios.
No declaramos ni garantizamos que: el acceso a la totalidad o parte de los Servicios sea continuo, ininterrumpido, pertinente, seguro o sin errores; que los Servicios o el contenido sean precisos, completos, fiables o actuales; que los Servicios no contengan virus ni otros componentes dañinos; ni que los Servicios o el contenido satisfagan sus requisitos, necesidades o expectativas.
Además, Worldcoin no declara ni garantiza la legalidad de los Servicios o WLD para ningún caso de uso, o que los Servicios o WLD cumplirán con cuestiones reglamentarias o de cumplimiento normativo. Usted es el único responsable de determinar y cumplir con todas las restricciones y requisitos jurídicos y reglamentarios que puedan regir su uso de los Servicios o WLD. Excepto por las declaraciones expresas establecidas en estas Condiciones, por la presente reconoce y acepta que no se ha basado en ninguna otra declaración o entendimiento, ya sea escrito u oral, para acceder o usar los Servicios o WLD.
No actuamos ni podemos actuar como su asesor con respecto a ningún asunto financiero, jurídico, de inversión o fiscal. Todo contenido solo es actual en la fecha indicada. Cualquier proyección, estimación, previsión, objetivo u opinión expresados aquí está sujeto a riesgos, incertidumbres y suposiciones, por lo que pueden ser incorrectos y pueden cambiar sin previo aviso. No se debe confiar en ningún contenido. 
Cierta información incluida aquí puede haberse obtenido de fuentes externas. Si bien dichas fuentes se consideran fiables, no hemos verificado de forma independiente toda esa información y no garantizamos su exactitud. No somos un corredor bursátil ni un asesor de inversiones registrado. No hacemos ninguna declaración, y renunciamos específicamente a todas las garantías, expresas, implícitas o legales, con respecto a la exactitud, pertinencia o integridad de cualquier material contenido en los Servicios. Nuestro contenido es meramente para información general, y usted es el único responsable de determinar si utiliza o no los Servicios. Usted reconoce que la compraventa, el uso y la tenencia de Tokens digitales conllevan un riesgo inherente. Es posible que pierda todos los fondos de su billetera. Usted reconoce que el Servicio puede estar sometido a restricciones de exportación y sanciones económicas impuestas por la legislación estadounidense.
No somos responsables ante usted ni ante ningún tercero por ninguna modificación o finalización de los Servicios, o suspensión o finalización de su acceso a los Servicios. 
LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD
No excluimos ni limitamos nuestra responsabilidad hacia usted cuando ello resulte ilegal. En los países en los que no se permiten los siguientes tipos de exclusiones, somos responsables ante usted solo por las pérdidas y daños que sean resultado previsible, dentro de lo razonable, de nuestra falta de atención y competencias razonables o de nuestro incumplimiento del contrato con usted. Este párrafo no afecta a los derechos de los consumidores que no se pueden rechazar o limitar mediante contrato o acuerdo.
En la medida permitida por la legislación, usted acepta que bajo ninguna circunstancia, ni nosotros ni ninguno de nuestros directivos, consejeros, empleados, contratistas, agentes, afiliados o filiales (las "Partes de TFH") serán responsables ante usted por ningún daño de carácter punitivo, secundario, especial, emergente o ejemplar, incluidos daños y perjuicios por lucro cesante, pérdida de fondo de comercio, de uso, de datos o de otros bienes intangibles, con independencia de si dicha responsabilidad se invoca sobre la base de un agravio o con otro fundamento, y de si las Partes de TFH han sido advertidas o no de la posibilidad de dichos daños derivados de o en relación con: su uso o imposibilidad de uso de los Servicios, sus Tokens digitales o la red Worldcoin; la inaccesibilidad o finalización de los Servicios; cualquier piratería informática, manipulación, acceso no autorizado o alteración de cualquier transacción o de sus Datos; cualquier transacción o acuerdo celebrado por usted con un tercero a través de los Servicios; cualquier actividad o comunicación de terceros; las acciones de los Operadores de Orb, cualquier pérdida del valor de un Token digital; cualquier Contenido de terceros al que se acceda en los Servicios o a través de estos; errores, equivocaciones o imprecisiones en nuestro Contenido; lesiones personales o daños materiales de cualquier naturaleza resultantes de cualquier acceso o uso de los Servicios; virus, troyanos o similares que puedan transmitirse a los Servicios o a través de estos; o la conducta difamatoria, ofensiva o ilegal de terceros. Esta limitación de responsabilidad se aplicará tanto si los daños surgen del uso o uso indebido de TFH o de los Servicios, o a raíz de decisiones tomadas en base a ellos, sin perjuicio de haber malogrado la consecución del objeto esencial de cualquier recurso limitado y en la máxima medida permitida por la legislación aplicable.
Bajo ninguna circunstancia las Partes de TFH serán responsables ante usted por reclamaciones directas, procedimientos, responsabilidades, obligaciones, daños, pérdidas o costes por un importe superior a 100,00 USD. Si no está satisfecho con los Servicios, acepta que su único y exclusivo recurso será dejar de usarlos. Esta limitación de responsabilidad se aplicará en la máxima medida permitida por la legislación aplicable. 
Indemnización y descargo de responsabilidad. Usted acepta defender, indemnizar y eximir de responsabilidad a las Partes de TFH de y contra cualquier reclamación, daño, coste, obligación, honorarios razonables de abogados y gastos presentados contra una Parte de TFH por cualquier tercero, que surjan de, o estén relacionados con: su uso de los Servicios; su incumplimiento de estas Condiciones; su vulneración de cualquier derecho de otra persona; su conducta en relación con los Servicios; o su uso de WLD, cualquier Token digital o la red de Worldcoin. Algunas jurisdicciones limitan los descargos para consumidores, por lo que es posible que no le sean de aplicación ciertas o todas las disposiciones del descargo de responsabilidad de este párrafo. Si está obligado a indemnizar a alguna de las Partes de TFH, nos reservamos el derecho, a nuestra entera discreción, de controlar cualquier acción o procedimiento y determinar si se debe resolver de forma conciliatoria y en qué términos.
SI USTED ES RESIDENTE DE CALIFORNIA, renuncia a los beneficios y protecciones del Código Civil de California, apdo.§ 1542, que establece que: "[un] descargo general de responsabilidad no se extiende a las reclamaciones o alegaciones que el acreedor o la parte que otorga el descargo no conoce o sospecha que existen a su favor en el momento de formalizar el descargo y que, de haberlas conocido, habrían afectado sustancialmente su acuerdo de conciliación con el deudor o la parte a la cual se otorga el descargo."
Legislación aplicable
Si reside en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), se aplicará el Derecho de la República Federal de Alemania a este Acuerdo y a cualquier disputa que surja o esté relacionada con él. Si reside fuera del EEE, se aplicarán las leyes del Estado de California a este Acuerdo y a cualquier disputa que surja esté relacionada con él. La legislación aplicable establecida en este apartado se aplicará sin tener en cuenta los principios de conflicto de leyes. Además, usted acepta que el Servicio se considerará ubicado únicamente en el Estado de California, y que aunque los Servicios pueden estar disponibles en otras jurisdicciones, su disponibilidad no da lugar a una competencia personal general o específica en ningún fuero al margen del Estado de California.
RESOLUCIÓN DE CONTROVERSIAS, ARBITRAJE Y RENUNCIA A DEMANDAS COLECTIVAS
LEA ATENTAMENTE LOS SIGUIENTES PÁRRAFOS. IMPONE LA OBLIGACIÓN DE QUE USTED RESUELVA SUS CONTROVERSIAS CON NOSOTROS MEDIANTE ARBITRAJE INDIVIDUAL ANTE UN ÚNICO ÁRBITRO, Y NO COMO PARTE DE UNA DEMANDA COLECTIVA. EL ARBITRAJE LE IMPIDE DEMANDARNOS ANTE UN TRIBUNAL JUDICIAL O MEDIANTE UN JUICIO CON JURADO, AUNQUE SÍ PUEDE PRESENTAR UN RECURSO CONTRA NOSOTROS EN UN JUZGADO DE PAZ, SI CUMPLE LAS CONDICIONES EXIGIDAS. 
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") el arbitraje se llevará a cabo de forma confidencial, por un único árbitro. El árbitro aplicará los plazos de prescripción correspondientes y toda la legislación aplicable y cumplirá las alegaciones de privilegio que reconozca el Derecho aplicable.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si reside en el EEE, la Controversia se resolverá con carácter único y definitivo mediante arbitraje administrado por el Instituto alemán de arbitraje (DIS, por sus siglas en alemán) de acuerdo con la Normativa sobre arbitraje del DIS. El arbitraje tendrá lugar en Berlín, Alemania, a menos que usted y nosotros acordemos otro lugar. Usted acepta que los tribunales de Berlín, Alemania, son el foro adecuado para cualquier apelación de un laudo arbitral o para procedimientos judiciales en caso de que se determine como inaplicable la cláusula de arbitraje vinculante de este Acuerdo.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si reside fuera del EEE, la Controversia se resolverá con carácter único y definitivo mediante arbitraje administrado por JAMS de acuerdo con las Reglas de Arbitraje Simplificadas de JAMS, a menos que la cantidad agregada de la Controversia sea de 250.000 USD o más, en cuyo caso se aplicarán las Reglas de Arbitraje Integrales de JAMS. El arbitraje tendrá lugar en San Francisco, California, a menos que usted y nosotros acordemos otro lugar. Usted acepta que los tribunales federales y estatales de San Francisco, California, son el foro adecuado para cualquier apelación de un laudo arbitral o para procedimientos judiciales en caso de que se determine como inaplicable la cláusula de arbitraje vinculante de este Acuerdo.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") en cualquier arbitraje, independientemente de su ubicación, las partes no solicitarán la presentación y divulgación de pruebas entre sí, y el árbitro no permitirá que las partes participen en la presentación de pruebas; en su lugar, cada parte divulgará las pruebas que avalan sus posiciones en una fecha y hora mutuamente acordadas antes de la audiencia de arbitraje final.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") este Acuerdo de arbitraje cubre la aplicabilidad, revocabilidad, alcance y validez del Acuerdo de arbitraje o cualquier parte del Acuerdo de arbitraje, así como todas las demás Controversias que surjan de la interpretación o aplicabilidad del Acuerdo de arbitraje o estén relacionadas con estas; y todos estos asuntos serán decididos por el árbitro y no por un tribunal o juez.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si el árbitro o el administrador arbitral le imponen tasas judiciales u otros costes administrativos, se lo reembolsaremos, previa solicitud, en la medida en que dichas tasas o costes excedan los que de otro modo tendría que pagar si en lugar de ello estuviera en un tribunal judicial. También pagaremos otras tasas o costes si así lo exige la normativa del administrador arbitral o la legislación aplicable.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") a petición de cualquiera de las partes, todos los procedimientos de arbitraje se llevarán a cabo en el máximo secreto y, en tal caso, todos los documentos, testimonios y registros se recibirán, oirán y conservarán a manos del árbitro en secreto y precintados, disponibles para su inspección solo por las partes, sus respectivos abogados y sus respectivos peritos, consultores o testigos que hayan acordado, por adelantado y por escrito, recibir toda la información de manera confidencial para ser utilizada únicamente para el arbitraje.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") aparte de los procedimientos y recursos colectivos abordados en este Acuerdo de arbitraje, el árbitro tiene la autoridad de adjudicar cualquier recurso que de otro modo estaría disponible en un tribunal judicial.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") la resolución del laudo dictado por el árbitro puede presentarse ante cualquier tribunal de jurisdicción competente.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible controversia mediante negociaciones informales de buena fe. Si surge una posible controversia, debe ponerse en contacto con nosotros con un correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla sin recurrir a la resolución formal de controversia. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en un plazo de 60 días desde su correo electrónico, y usted elige presentar una demanda al amparo de la legislación federal o estatal, una reclamación de derecho consuetudinario, una reclamación contractual, extracontractual, por fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría del Derecho, o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estas Condiciones, el Contenido, o los Servicios o esté relacionado con estos (cada uno, una "Controversia"), entonces acepta resolver la Controversia mediante arbitraje vinculante, de forma individual y de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (colectivamente, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si se determina como inaplicable el requisito de arbitraje o la prohibición de demandas colectivas y demás Controversias presentadas en nombre de terceros contenidos en este Acuerdo de arbitraje, solo se considerarán suprimidas de estas Condiciones las disposiciones inaplicables, continuando todas las obligaciones restantes de las presentes Condiciones en plena vigencia y efecto.
Derecho de exclusión de 30 días. Usted tiene derecho a excluirse y no quedar obligado por este Acuerdo de arbitraje si envía un correo electrónico desde la dirección que utilizó para configurar su solicitud, con el siguiente asunto: "EXCLUSIÓN VOLUNTARIA DE ARBITRAJE Y RENUNCIA A DEMANDAS COLECTIVAS. Debe enviar su correo electrónico en un plazo de 30 días desde la aceptación de estas Condiciones; de lo contrario, estará obligado a arbitrar las Controversias de acuerdo con los términos de este Acuerdo de arbitraje. Si opta por no participar en este Acuerdo de arbitraje, tampoco estaremos obligados por el Acuerdo de arbitraje.
Cambios en este Acuerdo de arbitraje. Le notificaremos mediante aviso con 30 días de antelación todo cambio en el apartado de estas Condiciones titulado "Resolución de controversias, arbitraje y renuncia a demandas colectivas" y los cambios entrarán en vigor 30 días después de que usted reciba nuestra notificación. De otro modo, los cambios en la sección Resolución de controversias, arbitraje y renuncia a demandas colectivas se aplicarán de forma prospectiva y solo a las controversias que surjan después del día 30 del plazo. Si un tribunal o árbitro decide que los cambios en este apartado no son exigibles o válidos, se suprimirán los cambios de estas Condiciones y el tribunal o árbitro aplicará los términos del primer Acuerdo de arbitraje en vigor después de que usted haya comenzado a utilizar los Servicios. Puede también ejercer su derecho a excluirse de los nuevos términos del Acuerdo de arbitraje mediante los procedimientos establecidos en el apartado anterior titulado "Derecho de exclusión de 30 días".
El presente Acuerdo de arbitraje seguirá vigente tras la rescisión de estas Condiciones y su uso de los Servicios.
Sin perjuicio de cualquier disposición en contrario en este Acuerdo de arbitraje, cualquiera de las partes puede presentar una demanda únicamente con vistas a medidas cautelares para detener el uso no autorizado o el abuso de los Servicios, o la infracción de derechos de propiedad intelectual (por ejemplo, marca comercial, secreto comercial, derechos de autor o derechos de patente), sin participar primero en el arbitraje o en el proceso informal de resolución de controversias descrito anteriormente.
Disposiciones generales
No renuncia; Divisibilidad; No susceptible de cesión. El hecho de que no exijamos el cumplimiento de una disposición no constituye una renuncia a nuestro derecho a exigirlo más adelante. Si una disposición se considera inaplicable, las disposiciones restantes de estas Condiciones permanecerán en pleno vigencia y se sustituirá por una condición exigible que refleje nuestra intención inicial lo más fielmente posible. Usted no puede ceder ninguno de sus derechos incluidos en estas Condiciones, y todo intento al respecto resultará nulo y carente de efecto. Podemos ceder sus derechos a cualquiera de sus [sic: nuestras] subsidiarias o empresas afiliadas, o a cualquier sucesor en beneficio de cualquier negocio asociado con los Servicios.
Acuerdo íntegro. Estas Condiciones constituyen la declaración completa y exclusiva del acuerdo entre usted y nosotros con respecto a los Servicios y sustituyen a todos los entendimientos, acuerdos, declaraciones y garantías anteriores y contemporáneos, tanto escritos como orales, relativos a los Servicios. Los encabezados de las secciones de estas Condiciones tienen mero efecto orientativo y no regirán el significado o la interpretación de ninguna disposición.
Perduración de vigencia. Todas las disposiciones de estas Condiciones relativas a la suspensión o rescisión, deudas adeudadas a TFH, uso general de los Servicios, Controversias con TFH, así como las disposiciones que, por su naturaleza, se extiendan más allá del vencimiento o rescisión de estas Condiciones, continuarán tras la rescisión o vencimiento de estas.
Relación de las Partes. Nada de lo contenido en estas Condiciones constituirá la base, ni se considerará o pretende considerarse como la base, de una relación entre usted y TFH en calidad de socios, empresas conjuntas o como socios conjuntos en general con fines de lucro, y ni usted ni TFH serán tratados como agente del otro. Esto incluye el hecho de que nada de lo contenido en estas Condiciones establece ni pretende establecer una relación laboral entre usted y TFH.
Sin asesoramiento profesional ni obligaciones fiduciarias. Todo el Contenido que proporcionamos tiene fines informativos únicamente y no debe interpretarse como asesoramiento profesional. No debe tomar, ni abstenerse de tomar, ninguna medida basada en información contenida en los Servicios. Antes de tomar cualquier decisión financiera, jurídica o de otro tipo que implique los Servicios o cualquier Token digital, debe buscar asesoramiento profesional independiente de una persona con licencia y cualificación en el área para la que dicho asesoramiento sería adecuado. Estas Condiciones no pretenden crear ni imponernos obligaciones fiduciarias. En la máxima medida permitida por la Ley, usted reconoce y acepta que no tenemos obligaciones ni responsabilidades fiduciarias hacia usted ni ninguna otra parte y que, en la medida en que dichas obligaciones o responsabilidades puedan existir conforme a derecho o equidad, por el presente documento se renuncia, se dispensan y se eliminan dichas obligaciones y responsabilidades. Además, acepta que los únicos deberes y obligaciones que le debemos son los establecidos expresamente en estas Condiciones.
Cambio de control. En caso de que seamos objeto de una adquisición o fusión con una entidad externa, o cedamos de otro modo ciertas funciones a una entidad afiliada o sucesora u otra entidad que determinemos en el mejor interés de los Usuarios, nos reservamos el derecho, en cualquiera de estas circunstancias, de transferir o ceder los Datos que hayamos recopilado sobre usted como parte de dicha fusión, adquisición, venta u otro cambio de control.
Fuerza mayor. No seremos responsables de retrasos, fallos de rendimiento o interrupción del servicio que resulte directa o indirectamente de una volatilidad significativa del mercado en Tokens digitales, de cualquier acto fortuito, actos de autoridades civiles o militares, actos de terroristas, disturbios civiles, guerra, huelga, emergencia sanitaria, conflicto laboral, incendios, interrupción de servicios de telecomunicaciones o de Internet o servicios de proveedores de red, fallos del equipo o software, o cualquier causa o condición ajena a nuestro control razonable (cada uno, un "Suceso de fuerza mayor"). La ocurrencia de un Suceso de fuerza mayor no afectará a la validez y aplicabilidad de ninguna de las disposiciones restantes de estas Condiciones.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Cuando descargue nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea App Store de Apple, incluida Google Play Store (la "Plataforma de distribución"), usted acepta que las Condiciones se establecen entre usted y nosotros, y no con el proveedor de la Plataforma de distribución ("Proveedor de la tienda").
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Cuando descargue nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea App Store de Apple, incluida Google Play Store (la "Plataforma de distribución"), usted acepta que su uso de las Aplicaciones debe cumplir con las Condiciones de servicio de la Plataforma de distribución del Proveedor de la tienda vigentes en ese momento.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Cuando descargue nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea App Store de Apple, incluida Google Play Store (la "Plataforma de distribución"), usted acepta que el Proveedor de la tienda es un mero proveedor de la Plataforma de distribución donde usted obtuvo las Aplicaciones.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Cuando descargue nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea App Store de Apple, incluida Google Play Store (la "Plataforma de distribución"), usted acepta que nosotros, y no el Proveedor de la tienda, somos los únicos responsables de las Aplicaciones.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Cuando descargue nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea App Store de Apple, incluida Google Play Store (la "Plataforma de distribución"), usted acepta que el Proveedor de la tienda no tiene obligación ni es responsable para con usted con respecto a las Aplicaciones o las Condiciones; y
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Cuando descargue nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea App Store de Apple, incluida Google Play Store (la "Plataforma de distribución"), usted acepta que usted reconoce y acepta que el Proveedor de la tienda es un tercero beneficiario de las Condiciones en lo referente a las Aplicaciones.
App Store de Apple. Esta sección se aplica cuando las Aplicaciones se han adquirido en la App Store de Apple. Usted reconoce y acepta que las Condiciones son únicamente entre usted y nosotros, no Apple, Inc. ("Apple") y que Apple no es responsable de las Aplicaciones ni su contenido. Su uso de las Aplicaciones debe cumplir con las Condiciones de servicio de la App Store.
Usted reconoce que Apple no tiene ninguna obligación de proporcionar ningún servicio de mantenimiento o asistencia con respecto a las Aplicaciones. En caso de que las Aplicaciones no cumplan con alguna garantía aplicable, puede informar a Apple, y (cuando proceda) Apple le reembolsará el precio de compra de las Aplicaciones; en la máxima medida permitida por la legislación aplicable, Apple no tendrá ninguna otra obligación de garantía con respecto a las Aplicaciones, y cualquier otra reclamación, pérdidas, obligaciones, daños y perjuicios, costes o gastos atribuibles a un incumplimiento de cualquier garantía se regirán únicamente por las Condiciones y por cualquier ley que nos sea de aplicación como proveedor de las Aplicaciones.
Usted reconoce que Apple no es responsable de ocuparse de ninguna reclamación suya ni de ningún tercero relacionada con las Aplicaciones o con su posesión o uso de las Aplicaciones, lo que incluye, con carácter meramente enunciativo: reclamaciones de responsabilidad por producto; ii) cualquier alegación de que las Aplicaciones no cumplen con algún requisito jurídico o normativo que le corresponda; y iii) reclamaciones que surjan en virtud de la legislación de protección al consumidor o similar; y todas estas reclamaciones se rigen únicamente por las Condiciones y por cualquier ley que nos sea de aplicación como proveedor del software.
Usted reconoce que, en caso de una alegación de terceros de que la Aplicación, o su posesión o uso de dicha Aplicación, infringe los derechos de propiedad intelectual de dicho tercero, TFH, no Apple, será el único responsable de la investigación, defensa, resolución y descargo de cualquier reclamación por infracción de propiedad intelectual en la medida en que lo exijan las Condiciones.
Usted declara y garantiza que i) no se encuentra en un país sujeto a embargo por parte del Gobierno de los EE. UU., o que ha sido designado por el Gobierno de los EE. UU. como país de "apoyo al terrorismo"; y ii) no está incluido en ninguna lista del Gobierno de los EE. UU. de partes prohibidas o restringidas.
Usted y TFH reconocen y aceptan que Apple, y las subsidiarias de Apple, son terceros beneficiarios de las Condiciones de servicio en relación con su licencia de la Aplicación, y que, tras su aceptación de los términos y condiciones de las Condiciones de servicio, Apple tendrá derecho (y se considerará que ha aceptado el derecho) de exigir el cumplimiento de las Condiciones de servicio en relación con su licencia de la Aplicación ante usted en calidad de tercero beneficiario de la misma.
Reparación de reclamaciones. Hemos nombrado a un responsable de reclamaciones para la India, como se detalla a continuación. Tenga en cuenta que el responsable de reclamaciones solo debe ser contactado por usuarios en la India según las Normas de Tecnología de la Información (Directrices para intermediarios y Código de ética de medios digitales) de la India, 2021. Se puede solicitar una verificación adicional del usuario.
Responsable de reclamaciones: Jannick Preiwisch
ID DE CORREO ELECTRÓNICO: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Términos y condiciones para el usuario de Tools for Humanity
¡Bienvenido a la comunidad de Worldcoin! Worldcoin es un protocolo de código abierto, respaldado por una comunidad global de desarrolladores, individuos y otros colaboradores. Tools for Humanity es una compañía global de desarrollo de software y hardware que crea herramientas para llevar tecnologías y productos de identidad digital y de blockchain (cadena de bloques) a miles de millones de personas, lo que incluye contribuir al desarrollo y al crecimiento del ecosistema de Worldcoin. 
Estos Términos entre usted y Tools for Humanity Corporation, sociedad constituida en Delaware (en forma conjunta con nuestras filiales, "TFH", "nosotros" o "nos") regirán el uso y el acceso que usted haga con respecto a los sitios web y las aplicaciones, lo que incluye la World App y la App Operador (en forma conjunta, las "Aplicaciones"), y a toda funcionalidad, todo contenido y todo servicio asociado que le proporcionemos (en forma conjunta, los "Servicios") en relación con el protocolo de Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Lea estos Términos detenidamente antes de utilizar los Servicios o acceder a ellos. Al acceder a cualquiera de los Servicios que prestamos o utilizarlos, usted acepta expresamente quedar obligado por estos Términos y por nuestro Aviso de privacidad que se incorpora a los presentes Términos.
Preste atención a las siguientes partes de especial importancia de estos Términos usted acepta resolver cualquier disputa entre usted y TFH por medio de un proceso de arbitraje individual vinculante, en lugar de ante un tribunal. Lea la Sección 15 más adelante para obtener información más detallada.
Los productos de criptomonedas, incluidos los Tokens Digitales, carecen en gran medida de reglamentación y pueden presentar altos riesgos. Es posible que no exista ningún recurso regulatorio ante las pérdidas que surjan de dichas transacciones.
Ninguna parte de los Servicios constituirá una oferta de venta ni la promoción de una oferta de compra de valores o Tokens Digitales. Los Servicios no constituirán asesoramiento de inversión. Es posible que en su lugar de residencia no se permita la tenencia, compra o venta de Tokens Digitales (según se define en la Sección más adelante), y será su responsabilidad cumplir con todas las leyes aplicables. Considere si la compra, la venta, el uso o la tenencia de Tokens Digitales es adecuada para usted, en función de su situación financiera y de su entendimiento de los Tokens Digitales. El valor de los Tokens Digitales podrá cambiar rápidamente y perderse por completo. 
Además, los tokens de Worldcoin ("WLD") no están destinados a estar disponibles para el uso, la compra o el acceso por parte de personas estadounidenses, incluidos ciudadanos estadounidenses, residentes o personas que estén en los Estados Unidos, o compañías constituidas, ubicadas o residentes en los Estados Unidos, o que tengan un agente registrado en los Estados Unidos. No ponemos WLD a disposición de dichas personas estadounidenses. Además, usted acepta que no venderá, transferirá WLD a personas estadounidenses ni lo pondrá a disposición de dichas personas. 
Puede encontrar más información sobre los riesgos asociados con WLD aquí. 
Alcance de los términos
La privacidad y sus datos. Al acceder a las Aplicaciones, es posible que nos proporcione categorías de información personal, como su nombre o número de teléfono. Si proporciona información para establecer su proof-of-personhood (prueba de individualidad) y para reclamar sus tokens WLD, es posible que brinde categorías especiales de datos personales sensibles, como su información biométrica. En nuestro Aviso de privacidad, se detallan los datos que usted nos proporciona que nosotros recopilamos y cómo los utilizamos. No utilice los Servicios si no desea que recopilemos o utilicemos sus datos de la manera detallada en el Aviso de privacidad. 
Elegibilidad. Para utilizar los Servicios, deberá cumplir con estos Términos y con todas las leyes aplicables. Usted no podrá utilizar los Servicios para realizar, promover o ayudar a otros a llevar a cabo ninguna actividad ilegal.
Además, deberá cumplir con todos los criterios que se disponen a continuación tener 18 años o más.
Además, deberá cumplir con todos los criterios que se disponen a continuación no encontrarse en los siguientes lugares geográficos, no estar bajo el control de estos, ni ser ciudadano ni residente de dichos lugares: Siria, la región ucraniana de Crimea, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson y Zaporizhzhia, Rusia, Corea del Norte, Irán, Cuba ni en ningún otro país o región a los cuales Estados Unidos, la Unión Europea o cualquier otro país o jurisdicción hayan restringido el acceso a los Servicios.
Además, deberá cumplir con todos los criterios que se disponen a continuación no ser declarado "ciudadano especialmente designado" por la Oficina de control de activos extranjeros (Office of Foreign Assets Control, "OFAC") del Departamento del tesoro de los EE. UU. ni estar incluido en las listas de sanciones de cualquier otro país, y que su nombre no se encuentre en la Lista de personas denegadas (Denied Persons List) del Departamento de comercio de los EE. UU. (U. Department of Commerce) ni en las listas de personas prohibidas de ningún otro país.
Si no cumple con todos estos requisitos, no se le permitirá acceder a los Servicios ni utilizarlos. 
Disponibilidad. Es posible acceder a las páginas web que detallan los Servicios desde cualquier parte del mundo, pero esto no significa que todos los Servicios o las funciones del servicio sean legales o estén disponibles en el país donde reside. Podremos bloquear, tanto nosotros como los gobiernos extranjeros, el acceso a determinados Servicios (o a determinadas características del Servicio) en ciertos países. El acceso al Orb y a nuestros Operadores de Orb no estará disponible en Texas, Illinois, Washington, Portland, OR y Baltimore, MD. No puede utilizar una RVP ni herramientas similares con el fin de eludir cualquier restricción. Es posible que el acceso a las Aplicaciones y ciertas funciones dentro de las Aplicaciones no estén disponibles o estén restringidos, según su ubicación. Será su responsabilidad asegurarse de que el uso que hace de los Servicios sea legal donde los utiliza. Los Servicios no estarán disponibles en todos los idiomas. 
Actualizaciones. Podemos realizar cambios en estos Términos oportunamente. Si lo hacemos, se podrá acceder a los términos actualizados en los Servicios. Usted comprende y acepta que, si continúa utilizando los Servicios después de que hayamos realizado dichos cambios, usted acepta los Términos actualizados. Si no acepta estos Términos, puede dejar de usar los Servicios en cualquier momento. Debido a que los Servicios evolucionan con el tiempo, podemos cambiar o interrumpir la totalidad o parte de los Servicios, en cualquier momento y sin previo aviso, a nuestra entera discreción.
Términos adicionales. Se podrán aplicar términos y condiciones adicionales a aplicaciones, contenidos, características o partes de los Servicios específicos, y todos esos términos y condiciones adicionales que le proporcionemos formarán parte de estos Términos.
Servicios
Billetera sin custodia
World App incluye una billetera no alojada y sin custodia para la tenencia de criptomonedas compatibles, tokens no fungibles (non-fungible tokens, NFT), monedas digitales o activos digitales (incluidos WLD y, en forma conjunta, los "Tokens digitales"). Usted controla los Tokens digitales que se guardan en la billetera. Con World App, las claves privadas (que representan la contraseña para acceder a la criptomoneda) se almacenan directamente en su dispositivo. En cualquier momento, sujeto a tener acceso a Internet y la congestión en la blockchain, podrá retirar sus Tokens digitales, mediante el envío a una dirección de blockchain diferente. Cuando tiene sus Tokens digitales en la billetera, no tenemos control sobre su billetera, sus Tokens digitales o sus claves privadas. Los usuarios son responsables del riesgo de pérdida de sus claves privadas, y ni TFH ni World App pueden recuperar dichas claves.
Dado que World App es una billetera sin custodia, se le dará una dirección de billetera que especifica dónde se guardan sus Tokens digitales en la blockchain correspondiente. Se puede acceder a la dirección de su billetera mediante otras soluciones de billetera sin custodia.
Tokens digitales compatibles
World App es compatible con tokens ERC-20. Es posible que se añada compatibilidad para otros Tokens digitales en el futuro. Puede ver qué Tokens digitales son compatibles con nosotros dentro de World App. 
Usted entiende que enviar Tokens digitales no compatibles a la dirección de la billetera de World App puede significar que pierda por completo el acceso a esos Tokens digitales. No tenemos forma de recuperar Tokens digitales enviados a una dirección de billetera incorrecta. Asegúrese de enviar los Tokens digitales correctos a la dirección de billetera correcta en todo momento y siempre haga una transacción de prueba con una pequeña cantidad de Tokens digitales.
Ofertas y acceso
Cuando interactúe con sus Tokens digitales (por ejemplo, al enviarlos a otra dirección de blockchain o al conectarse a una aplicación distribuida) por medio de los Servicios, se le pedirá que apruebe o "firme" la interacción a través de los dispositivos que haya identificado durante el proceso de incorporación. Las Aplicaciones se basan completamente en las aprobaciones de estos dispositivos para iniciar interacciones con la blockchain correspondiente. Usted comprende que está interactuando directamente con la blockchain correspondiente cuando realiza estas interacciones y que no somos responsables de transmitir órdenes en su nombre. 
Información sobre terceros
Al utilizar los Servicios, puede tener acceso a información relacionada con sus Tokens digitales, como su valor de mercado actual, entre otros. La presentación de esta información no implica ninguna asociación ni aval de terceros, incluso aunque ciertas funcionalidades proporcionadas en relación con los Servicios requieran el uso de dichos productos de terceros. El contenido de dichos servicios y productos de terceros, según lo establecido a través de los Servicios, se basa en información disponible al público o que nos proporcionan dichos terceros, y, por lo tanto, no realizamos declaraciones vinculantes ni garantías sobre la precisión de dicho servicio de terceros o información relacionada con el producto.
Servicios de terceros
Los Servicios pueden proporcionarle enlaces a procesadores externos para procesar transacciones, como compras fiduciarias de Tokens digitales, venta de Tokens digitales, intercambio de Tokens digitales y otras funcionalidades que puedan estar disponibles en el futuro. Puede ver qué servicios de terceros están disponibles dentro de World App. Cuando realiza estas transacciones, realiza transacciones con terceros y no con nosotros. Debe seguir las instrucciones pertinentes proporcionadas por el proveedor externo y aceptar sus términos de servicio. No tomamos el control de sus fondos o Tokens digitales ni los transmitimos en ningún momento durante la prestación de nuestros Servicios, o cuando usted accede a servicios de terceros.
Transacciones entre pares
Los Servicios le permiten enviar Tokens digitales compatibles a terceros y solicitar, recibir y almacenar Tokens digitales compatibles de terceros, mediante el inicio de transacciones a través de los Servicios. Las transferencias que haga de Tokens digitales compatibles entre sus otras billeteras de blockchain, así como las transferencias destinadas a terceros y provenientes de terceros, son transferencias. Cuando usted o un tercero envían Tokens digitales a su dirección de billetera, la persona que inicia la transacción es la única responsable de ejecutar la transacción correctamente, lo que puede incluir, entre otras cosas, el pago de suficientes comisiones de minería o cargos de red para que la transacción sea exitosa. Los cargos de red insuficientes pueden hacer que una transferencia permanezca en estado pendiente y pueden dar lugar a demoras o pérdidas incurridas como resultado de un error en el inicio de la transacción. No tenemos obligación de ayudar en la corrección de dichas transacciones. Cuando envía cualquier Token digital de su billetera a otra billetera de blockchain, dichas transferencias son ejecutadas en cadena por usted y no dependen de nosotros. Debe verificar toda la información de la transacción antes de enviarla. No asumimos ninguna responsabilidad en caso de que ingrese una dirección de destino de blockchain incorrecta. Las transferencias de Tokens digitales no pueden revertirse una vez que se han transmitido a la red de blockchain correspondiente, aunque puedan estar en estado pendiente y designadas en consecuencia, mientras los operadores de red procesan la transacción. Nosotros no controlamos la red y no garantizamos que la red confirmará una transferencia.
Mercado P2P
Cuando esté disponible, ofrecemos un Mercado P2P para comprar y vender determinados Tokens digitales. El Mercado P2P se rige por términos complementarios, que se encuentran aquí. 
Aplicaciones descentralizadas
Es posible que tengamos una funcionalidad que le permita conectar su billetera a varias aplicaciones descentralizadas. Usted es el único responsable de garantizar la seguridad de estas aplicaciones de terceros. No tenemos control sobre las aplicaciones de terceros y no podemos proporcionar asistencia técnica para los problemas que encuentre al conectarse con aplicaciones de terceros.
Atención al cliente
Proporcionamos asistencia al cliente para ayudar con ciertas características y funciones en relación con los Servicios. Para ponerse en contacto, seleccione "Soporte" en el menú de la aplicación. 
Protocolo World ID
Worldcoin Foundation controla el Protocolo World ID. Podemos poner el Protocolo World ID a su disposición a través del Servicio. El Protocolo World ID le permite demostrar que es un ser humano real y único, y la vez proteger su privacidad. 
Al registrarse en World ID, usted confirma que nunca se ha registrado en World ID y que solo lo hace una vez. Si bien hacemos todo lo posible para garantizar la precisión de World ID, no es posible garantizar que el servicio sea 100 % confiable y preciso. Además, existe la posibilidad de que se produzca un falso positivo cuando usted intenta registrarse en World ID por primera vez. Al usar World ID, usted acepta todos los términos y condiciones que se incluyen en el presente, incluidos los términos establecidos por Worldcoin Foundation. 
Learn to Earn (Aprender a obtener ganancias)
Podemos poner a su disposición materiales informativos y cuestionarios en World App que le enseñan a obtener ganancias ("Learn to Earn, L2E"). Después de completar un curso L2E, puede recibir Activos digitales como recompensa. La información proporcionada en la función L2E es solo para fines informativos y es posible que no sea totalmente completa o precisa o esté actualizada. No somos responsables de ningún contenido de la función L2E, y usted no debe confiar en la información allí contenida. 
Las recompensas que se obtienen dentro de la función L2E son un monto nominal y discrecional de Activos digitales que le regalamos. Debe tener una World ID para participar en L2E y recibir las recompensas. Usted es el único responsable de cumplir con todas las obligaciones en relación con las recompensas que reciba, incluidas las obligaciones fiscales. Podemos suspender la función L2E en cualquier momento, sin previo aviso. 
Bonos & reservas de WLD
Una vez que se haya registrado con éxito en World ID, podemos permitirle reclamar una pequeña cantidad de WLD, en diferentes intervalos (los "Bonos de WLD"). Si aún no se ha registrado en World ID, podemos permitirle reservar de manera anticipada Bonos de WLD (las "Reservas de WLD"). World Assets Limited, una subsidiaria de Worldcoin Foundation, proporciona dichos bonos y reservas de WLD. Los montos, intervalos y plazos exactos de los Bonos de WLD y las Reservas de WLD se especificarán en World App y estos serán determinados por World Assets Limited, de manera exclusiva. Al permitirle reclamar Reservas de WLD, no podemos garantizarle que recibirá un monto de Bonos de WLD. Las Reservas de WLD pueden vencer en World App, con o sin previo aviso, independientemente de que usted haya realizado una Reserva de WLD o haya recibido el Bono de WLD relacionado. Asimismo, los bonos y las reservas son revocables, a nuestra entera discreción. 
App Operador
Para los Operadores de Orb y otros socios, ponemos a disposición una App Operador que les permite monitorear actividades y estadísticas relevantes para ustedes y su actividad comercial como Operadores de Orb. También podemos poner algunas funciones a su disposición, a fin de ayudarles a llevar a cabo su actividad comercial como Operadores de Orb.
Compras, cargos e impuestos
Cargos por transacción. Al utilizar los Servicios, usted acepta pagar todos los cargos aplicables, incluidos los cargos por transacción para intercambios y transacciones de Tokens digitales. Le informaremos sobre cualquier cargo aplicable antes de que realice una transacción. Si utiliza un servicio de pago de terceros, las comisiones bancarias y los cargos de tarjeta de crédito y débito que se cobren por la compra de Token digitales pueden compensarse del monto liquidado de sus compras de Token digitales. Usted también es responsable de pagar los cargos adicionales que cobre su proveedor de servicios financieros. 
Cargo de red. Las interacciones con la blockchain también generan un cargo de red. Es la red de blockchain, y no nosotros, quien cobra y a quien se debe realizar el pago del cargo de red por facilitar cualquier interacción. 
Impuestos. Es su exclusiva responsabilidad determinar si se aplican impuestos a alguna transacción a través de los Servicios y en qué medida, así como retener, cobrar, informar y remitir el monto correcto de impuestos a las autoridades fiscales correspondientes. 
Actualizaciones. Todos los cargos se muestran y están vigentes, según se refleja en los Servicios, y podrán actualizarse y modificarse cuando se considere oportuno.
Factores de riesgo
Diferenciación de la moneda de curso legal. Los Tokens digitales no son moneda de curso legal, no están respaldados por ningún gobierno, y las cuentas de Tokens digitales y los saldos de valor en los Servicios no están sujetos a las protecciones de la Corporación federal de seguro de depósitos (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation), de la Corporación para la protección de inversionistas en valores (Securities Investor Protection Corporation) ni protecciones similares estipuladas en otros países. No somos un banco y no ofrecemos servicios fiduciarios. En muchos países, las transacciones realizadas por medio de World App carecen en gran medida de reglamentación. No garantizamos la funcionalidad de las blockchain que respaldamos, las cuales podrían, entre otras cosas, provocar demoras, conflictos de intereses o decisiones operativas por parte de terceros, que sean desfavorables para algunos titulares de Tokens digitales, o impedirles que puedan completar una transacción por medio de los Servicios. Es posible que los detalles de la transacción que envíe a través de los Servicios no se completen o que se retrasen sustancialmente en la blockchain aplicable, y no asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por la imposibilidad de confirmar o procesar una transacción según lo esperado. No existen garantías de que una transferencia iniciada a través de los Servicios vaya a transferir con éxito la titularidad o los derechos sobre un Token digital. Además, puede haber riesgos específicos asociados con el uso de determinados Activos digitales, como WLD. Puede encontrar más información sobre los riesgos específicos de WLD aquí. 
Nueva tecnología. Los Servicios son nuevos. Si bien este software ha sido probado ampliamente, el software utilizado para los Servicios sigue siendo relativamente nuevo y podría tener errores o vulnerabilidades de seguridad. Además, el software aún está en desarrollo y puede sufrir cambios significativos con el tiempo, que podrían no cumplir con las expectativas de los usuarios.
Riesgo de seguridad de la información. Los Tokens digitales y el uso de los Servicios pueden verse afectados por expropiaciones o robos. Hackers informáticos u otros grupos u organizaciones malintencionados pueden intentar interferir con los Servicios de diversas maneras, lo que incluye, entre otras, ataques de malware, ataques de denegación de servicio, ataques basados en consenso, ataques de Sybil, smurfing y falsificación de identidad. Además, debido a que las redes de blockchain que respaldamos, como el protocolo de Ethereum, dependen de software de código abierto, el software subyacente a los Servicios puede contener errores o puntos débiles intencionales o no intencionales que pueden afectar los Servicios o dar lugar a la pérdida de los Tokens digitales del usuario o impedirle al usuario que controle o acceda a su billetera a través de los Servicios. En el caso de que exista tal error o punto débil de software, es posible que no exista ningún recurso y no se garantiza a los usuarios ningún recurso de reparación, reembolso ni compensación.
Precisión. Si bien tenemos la intención de proporcionar información precisa y oportuna a través de los Servicios (lo que incluye, entre otros, el contenido), es posible que, a veces, la información no sea totalmente precisa o no esté completa o totalmente actualizada, y también puede incluir imprecisiones técnicas o errores tipográficos. En un esfuerzo por continuar proporcionándole información lo más completa y precisa posible, puede que, en la medida permitida por la ley aplicable, la información sufra cambios o actualizaciones en un determinado momento y sin previo aviso, lo que incluye, por ejemplo, información sobre nuestras políticas, productos y servicios. En consecuencia, debe verificar toda la información antes de confiar en ella, y todas las decisiones basadas en la información proporcionada a través de los Servicios serán su exclusiva responsabilidad: nosotros no tendremos responsabilidad alguna por dichas decisiones. 
Disponibilidad. Aunque nos esforzamos por brindarle un servicio excelente, no garantizamos que los Servicios vayan a estar disponibles sin interrupción. Es posible que, ocasionalmente, los Servicios no estén disponibles de manera temporal, por mantenimiento u otros motivos. No asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por errores, omisiones, interrupciones, eliminaciones, defectos, demoras en la operación o transmisión, fallas en la línea de comunicaciones, robo o destrucción, o acceso no autorizado a las comunicaciones del usuario o alteración de estas. No somos responsables de ningún problema o mal funcionamiento técnico de redes o líneas telefónicas, servidores, proveedores o sistemas informáticos en línea, equipos informáticos, software, fallas del correo electrónico o de los reproductores debido a problemas técnicos o congestión de tráfico en Internet, en los Servicios o en su combinación, incluidas las lesiones o los daños a las computadoras de los usuarios o de cualquier otra persona, relacionados con la participación en los Servicios o la descarga de materiales en relación con los Servicios, o que resulten de esta. No somos responsables de las pérdidas o daños, daños financieros o lucro cesante, pérdida de negocios, o lesiones personales o muerte, que resulten del uso del Servicio por parte de cualquier persona, del Contenido que se publique en el Servicio o a través de este o que se transmita a los usuarios, o de interacciones entre usuarios de los Servicios, ya sea en línea o fuera de línea.
Bifurcaciones. El software utilizado para crear WLD será de código abierto y gratuito para que cualquier persona lo copie y lo use. Esto significa que cualquier persona podrá crear una versión modificada de WLD, también conocida como "Bifurcación". En el caso de una Bifurcación o cualquier otro desvío de la red de Tokens digitales, es posible que no podamos respaldar ninguna actividad relacionada con la Bifurcación. Es posible que las transacciones no se completen, se completen de forma parcial, se completen incorrectamente o tengan un retraso sustancial cuando se realice una Bifurcación. No seremos responsables de ninguna pérdida que usted sufra a causa, de forma total o parcial, de una Bifurcación u otra interrupción de la red.
Servicios de terceros. Confiamos en proveedores de servicios externos para que proporcionen algunas características y funcionalidades dentro de las Aplicaciones; por ejemplo, la capacidad de comprar Activos digitales con moneda fiduciaria o la capacidad de intercambiar un Activo digital por otro. No prestamos estos servicios y no somos parte de ninguna transacción de este tipo. Usted depende únicamente de proveedores externos para estos servicios y debe tener una cuenta con los proveedores externos y aceptar sus términos. No podemos brindarle asistencia si tiene problemas para usar el servicio de estos proveedores externos y no somos responsables de ninguna transacción que realice con ellos. 
Propiedad intelectual.
Propiedad. Nuestro software, la aplicación, los Servicios, el Contenido, las Marcas (según se definen a continuación) y el diseño, la selección y la disposición del Contenido en los Servicios (la Propiedad intelectual, "PI") estarán protegidos por derechos de autor, marcas comerciales, patentes y otros derechos y leyes de propiedad intelectual en los Estados Unidos y en otros países aplicables. Usted se compromete a cumplir con todos los derechos y las leyes de propiedad intelectual aplicables, así como con cualquier aviso o restricción de marca comercial o derechos de autor que se incluyan en el Acuerdo o en los Servicios. Usted no podrá eliminar ningún derecho de autor, marca comercial o avisos de propiedad exclusiva contenidos en la PI. 
Marcas comerciales. Constituyen el nombre Tools for Humanity Corporation, el nombre y diseño de Worldcoin, el logotipo "Seven Hands" y todos los logotipos y eslóganes relacionados son marcas comerciales o marcas de servicio de Tools for Humanity Corporation o sus licenciantes (las "Marcas"). Usted no podrá copiar, imitar ni usar las Marcas, en su totalidad o en parte, sin nuestro permiso por escrito. Todas las demás marcas comerciales, nombres o logotipos mencionados en relación con los Servicios serán propiedad de sus respectivos titulares y usted no podrá copiarlos, imitarlos ni usarlos, en su totalidad o en parte, sin el permiso por escrito del titular de la marca comercial correspondiente. La inclusión de cualquier marca de terceros en los Servicios no constituirá una aprobación, aval o recomendación de nuestra parte.
Licencia y restricciones
Licencia. Siempre que sea elegible para usar los Servicios y sujeto a su cumplimiento de estos Términos, por el presente le otorgamos una licencia limitada para acceder a los Servicios y utilizarlos.
Restricciones de la licencia. No puede volver a publicar Contenido en ningún sitio de Internet, Intranet o Extranet ni incorporar la información en ninguna otra base de datos o compilación, y cualquier otro uso del Contenido está estrictamente prohibido. Se prohíbe estrictamente todo uso de los Servicios que no sea el autorizado de forma específica en virtud del presente, y que no cuente con nuestro permiso otorgado previamente y por escrito. En caso de darse dicho uso no autorizado, se podrá rescindir la licencia otorgada en el presente. Asimismo, dicho uso no autorizado puede implicar el incumplimiento de las leyes aplicables, incluidas, entre otras, las leyes de derechos de autor y marcas comerciales, y las reglamentaciones y disposiciones sobre comunicaciones aplicables. A menos que se indique explícitamente en el presente, ninguna disposición de estos Términos se interpretará como una concesión de licencia sobre derechos de propiedad intelectual, ya sea por la doctrina de vinculación de los actos propios (estoppel), de manera implícita o de otro modo. Nosotros podremos revocar esta licencia en cualquier momento, sin previo aviso, con o sin causa.
Gobierno. Si usted es un usuario final del Gobierno de los EE. UU., le otorgamos una licencia sobre los Servicios como "Artículo Comercial", según se define ese término en el Código de Regulaciones Federales (Code of Federal Regulations, "CFR") de los EE. UU. (consulte el artículo § 2.101, Título 48, del CFR), y los derechos que le otorgamos sobre los Servicios son los mismos que los derechos que otorgamos a todas las demás personas en virtud de estos Términos.
Uso aceptable
Usted podrá utilizar los Servicios únicamente para su propio uso personal. Nos reservamos el derecho en todo momento y a nuestra entera discreción de revisar, cancelar o suspender su acceso a los Servicios o su uso de estos. Los elementos de la lista de Usos prohibidos son solo ejemplos, y la lista no es exhaustiva; podemos agregar o eliminar usos prohibidos a nuestra entera discreción. 
Entre los Usos prohibidos se incluyen los siguientes actividad ilegal: cualquier actividad que infrinja o ayude a infringir algún programa de sanciones administrado por la OFAC; que infrinja o ayude a infringir cualquier otra ley en los países donde llevamos a cabo actividades comerciales; que involucre ganancias provenientes de alguna actividad ilegal; o la publicación, distribución o difusión de algún material o información ilegal.
Entre los Usos prohibidos se incluyen los siguientes uso excesivo o piratería informática: cualquier actividad que imponga una carga irrazonable o desproporcionada sobre nuestra infraestructura, o que interfiera de manera perjudicial, intercepte o expropie algún sistema, dato o información; transmita o cargue algún material a los Servicios que contenga virus, troyanos, gusanos o cualquier otro programa perjudicial o nocivo; o intente obtener acceso no autorizado a los sistemas informáticos o redes conectados a los Servicios.
Entre los Usos prohibidos se incluyen los siguientes uso indebido por parte de terceros: cualquier actividad que interfiera en el acceso a los Servicios o el uso de estos por parte de otra persona; difame, abuse, extorsione, acose, aceche, amenace o incumpla o infrinja, de alguna otra forma, la privacidad, la propiedad intelectual o cualquier otro derecho legal de otra persona; incite, amenace, facilite, promueva o fomente el odio, la intolerancia racial o actos violentos contra otras personas; recolecte, recopile o extraiga datos de otro usuario a partir de los Servicios, sin permiso.
Entre los Usos prohibidos se incluyen los siguientes fraude y otras prácticas comerciales desleales: cualquier actividad destinada a estafarnos, a estafar a nuestros usuarios o a cualquier otra persona; que nos proporcione alguna información falsa, inexacta o engañosa; prometa recompensas excesivamente altas o venda un servicio sin beneficio adicional para el comprador, u otras prácticas engañosas o desleales; o loterías, rifas, subastas de tarifas de licitación, concursos, sorteos, apuestas u otros juegos de azar ilegales.
Entre los Usos prohibidos se incluyen los siguientes infracción de la propiedad intelectual: cualquier actividad que implique la venta, la distribución o el acceso a música, películas, software u otros materiales con licencia falsificada, sin la debida autorización del titular de los derechos; el uso de la propiedad intelectual (incluida la Marca) sin consentimiento expreso o de forma que nos perjudique a nosotros o a nuestra marca; que implique un respaldo falso o una afiliación con nosotros; o que infrinja o incumpla cualquier derecho de autor, marca registrada, derecho de publicidad o privacidad o cualquier otro derecho de propiedad exclusiva que establezca la ley.
Entre los Usos prohibidos se incluyen los siguientes 8. Operadores de Orb
Nos asociamos con contratistas independientes locales, denominados "Operadores de Orb", que facilitan el registro de los usuarios y ayudan a responder las preguntas que usted pueda tener sobre nosotros. Estos Operadores de Orb han recibido capacitación y conocen Worldcoin. Sin embargo, no tendremos control sobre lo que digan ni sobre cómo se comporten, y nos eximimos de toda responsabilidad al respecto. Los Operadores de Orb no son nuestros agentes ni empleados, en ningún caso. Cualquier esfuerzo, característica, proceso, política, estándar u otros esfuerzos realizados por TFH en beneficio de los usuarios no constituirán una relación laboral ni de representación con un Operador de Orb. 
Suspensión
Podemos suspender y restringir su acceso a los Servicios: si estamos obligados por una citación, orden judicial u orden vinculante de una autoridad gubernamental que sea válida a primera vista; si sospechamos razonablemente que usted utiliza el Servicio en relación con un Uso prohibido; si el uso que usted hace de los Servicios está sujeto a un litigio, una investigación, o un procedimiento gubernamental en curso o percibimos un riesgo elevado de incumplimiento legal o regulatorio asociado con su actividad; si nuestros socios de servicio no pueden respaldar el uso que usted hace de los servicios; o si usted toma alguna medida que consideremos que elude nuestros controles.
Diferenciación de una oferta de valores o participación en commodities
El contenido de los Servicios no constituye una oferta de compra o venta ni una solicitud de una oferta de compra o venta de inversiones, valores, participaciones en asociaciones, commodities (objeto de las transacciones a plazo) ( o cualquier otro instrumento financiero; el contenido o los Servicios tampoco constituye y no puede utilizarse para lo siguiente o en relación con lo siguiente: una oferta o solicitud por parte de una persona en cualquier estado o jurisdicción en el que dicha oferta o solicitud no esté autorizada o permitida, o a una persona a quien sea ilegal hacerle dicha oferta o solicitud.
Contenido
Confianza en el contenido y cambios en los Servicios. La información y el material que le proporcionamos a través de los Servicios (el "Contenido") será únicamente para fines de información general, y no garantizamos su precisión, utilidad ni integridad. El grado de confianza que usted deposite en nuestro Contenido correrá estrictamente bajo su propio riesgo. No asumiremos responsabilidad alguna respecto de las acciones que usted realice o no realice debido al Contenido, o frente a cualquier persona con la que comparta el Contenido. Las declaraciones de otros usuarios que describan su uso de nuestros Servicios, que se encuentren en los Servicios o en cualquier otro lugar no deberán considerarse como nuestra aprobación de sus declaraciones si estas son incompatibles con estos Términos o nuestro Contenido. Con cierta periodicidad, podremos actualizar el Contenido, pero es posible que dicho Contenido no esté completo o actualizado, y no tendremos ninguna obligación de actualizar el Contenido ni ninguna otra parte de los Servicios. Podremos modificar o interrumpir, de forma temporal o permanente, cualquier parte o la totalidad del Contenido o de los Servicios, sin previo aviso. No seremos responsables de ninguna modificación, suspensión o interrupción de una parte o de la totalidad del Contenido o de los Servicios.
Contenido y servicios de terceros. Podremos proporcionar enlaces a materiales educativos, seminarios web, reuniones y promociones en las plataformas de redes sociales (los "Servicios de terceros") que permitirán compartir y colaborar entre usuarios y otros terceros. Si comparte información personal, imágenes, opiniones, contenido o cualquier otro dato sobre esos servicios, lo hará bajo su propio riesgo, y su uso de esos servicios estará sujeto a los términos de uso y las políticas de privacidad de esos servicios, y no a los nuestros. Usted deberá revisar los términos de los servicios de cada Servicio de terceros para entender mejor sus derechos y la manera en que esas plataformas utilizan sus datos. No seremos responsables de ninguna pérdida, robo, vulneración o uso indebido de sus datos en relación con ningún Servicio de terceros (lo que incluye instancias de negligencia), excepto en la medida en que dicha responsabilidad no pueda limitarse en virtud de la ley. El uso que usted haga de cualquier información proporcionada por un Servicio de terceros (el "Contenido de terceros") correrá bajo su propio riesgo, y no le aseguramos que ningún Contenido de terceros sea preciso, completo, auténtico o apropiado para sus circunstancias personales. El Contenido de terceros incluirá información proporcionada por otros usuarios, no específicamente avalada por nosotros.
Contenido de usuario. Como miembro de la comunidad de Worldcoin, usted podrá publicar mensajes, datos, software, imágenes, videos u otro contenido (el "Contenido de usuario") en tableros de anuncios, blogs, cuentas de redes sociales que sean de nuestra propiedad, además de otras ubicaciones disponibles públicamente en los Servicios. Estos foros podrán estar alojados por nosotros o por un proveedor de servicios externo en nuestro nombre. Usted será responsable de todo el Contenido de usuario que envíe, cargue, publique o almacene a través de los Servicios. Usted deberá proporcionar todas las advertencias, la información y las divulgaciones requeridas y apropiadas con respecto a su Contenido de usuario. No seremos responsables de ningún Contenido de usuario que envíe a través de los Servicios.
Licencia sobre el Contenido de usuario. Al enviarnos Contenido de usuario, usted declara que tiene todos los derechos necesarios sobre el Contenido de usuario y que nos otorga una licencia perpetua, mundial, no exclusiva, libre de regalías, sublicenciable y transferible para usar, reproducir, distribuir, usar como base de trabajos derivados, modificar, mostrar y exhibir, en su totalidad o en parte, el Contenido de usuario en relación con nuestra actividad de mercadotecnia y promociones, y para cualquier otro propósito comercial legítimo relacionado con los Servicios. Podremos redistribuir una parte o la totalidad de los trabajos derivados de su Contenido de usuario en cualquier formato y a través de cualquier canal de medios que elijamos. Por el presente, usted también nos otorga a nosotros y a otros usuarios una licencia no exclusiva para utilizar, acceder, reproducir, distribuir, modificar, mostrar y exhibir su Contenido de usuario a través de los Servicios.
Restricciones sobre el Contenido de usuario. Usted se compromete a no utilizar y a no permitir que un tercero utilice los Servicios para publicar o transmitir cualquier Contenido de usuario que: sea calumnioso o difamatorio, o que revele asuntos privados o personales relativos a cualquier persona; sea indecente, obsceno, pornográfico, incite al acoso, sea amenazante, abusivo, que incite al odio, que sea ofensivo desde el punto de vista racial o étnico; que fomente una conducta que se considere un delito, que dé lugar a una responsabilidad civil o que infrinja cualquier ley, o que sea inapropiado por cualquier otro motivo; que infrinja los derechos de propiedad intelectual de otras personas, incluidos textos, imágenes o programas no autorizados con derechos de autor, secretos comerciales u otra información confidencial de propiedad exclusiva, o marcas comerciales o de servicio utilizadas de forma infractora; o que interfiera en el uso de los Servicios por parte de otro usuario. Usted declara que publica el Contenido de usuario en los Servicios de forma voluntaria, por consiguiente, dicha publicación no creará una relación empleador-empleado entre usted y nosotros. Usted no podrá copiar ni usar direcciones de correo electrónico, números de teléfono móvil, saldos, nombres de usuario ni ninguna otra información personal sobre otros usuarios, sin su permiso. Estarán prohibidos los mensajes de correo electrónico, de correo postal, las llamadas telefónicas u otras comunicaciones no solicitadas a otros usuarios, por medio de los Servicios o de cualquier otro canal.
Quejas y eliminaciones de contenido, de acuerdo con la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial u obra protegida por derechos de autor están siendo infringidas por nuestro Contenido o por el Contenido de usuario en los Servicios, o que se están publicando de alguna otra manera que sugiera algún tipo de respaldo por nuestra parte o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com e indique en el asunto "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (Queja de [marca comercial/derechos de autor]), según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y para que podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre derechos de autor en el milenio digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), deberá cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir la siguiente información en su mensaje de correo electrónico identificación clara de la obra protegida por derechos de autor o de la marca que se alega que ha sido infringida, incluido el número de registro de derechos de autor, si la obra está registrada.
Quejas y eliminaciones de contenido, de acuerdo con la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial u obra protegida por derechos de autor están siendo infringidas por nuestro Contenido o por el Contenido de usuario en los Servicios, o que se están publicando de alguna otra manera que sugiera algún tipo de respaldo por nuestra parte o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com e indique en el asunto "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (Queja de [marca comercial/derechos de autor]), según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y para que podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre derechos de autor en el milenio digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), deberá cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir la siguiente información en su mensaje de correo electrónico identificación de la obra o marca que se alega que es infractora y que usted desea que se elimine.
Quejas y eliminaciones de contenido, de acuerdo con la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial u obra protegida por derechos de autor están siendo infringidas por nuestro Contenido o por el Contenido de usuario en los Servicios, o que se están publicando de alguna otra manera que sugiera algún tipo de respaldo por nuestra parte o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com e indique en el asunto "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (Queja de [marca comercial/derechos de autor]), según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y para que podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre derechos de autor en el milenio digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), deberá cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir la siguiente información en su mensaje de correo electrónico la URL u otra instrucción clara que nos permita localizar el presunto contenido infractor.
Quejas y eliminaciones de contenido, de acuerdo con la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial u obra protegida por derechos de autor están siendo infringidas por nuestro Contenido o por el Contenido de usuario en los Servicios, o que se están publicando de alguna otra manera que sugiera algún tipo de respaldo por nuestra parte o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com e indique en el asunto "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (Queja de [marca comercial/derechos de autor]), según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y para que podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre derechos de autor en el milenio digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), deberá cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir la siguiente información en su mensaje de correo electrónico su dirección de correo electrónico, dirección postal y número de teléfono; y
Quejas y eliminaciones de contenido, de acuerdo con la DMCA. Si cree que su marca comercial u obra protegida por derechos de autor están siendo infringidas por nuestro Contenido o por el Contenido de usuario en los Servicios, o que se están publicando de alguna otra manera que sugiera algún tipo de respaldo por nuestra parte o afiliación con nosotros, envíenos un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com e indique en el asunto "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (Queja de [marca comercial/derechos de autor]), según sea el caso. Para que su queja sea efectiva y para que podamos tomar medidas en virtud de la Ley sobre derechos de autor en el milenio digital (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), deberá cumplir con todos los requisitos de la DMCA e incluir la siguiente información en su mensaje de correo electrónico una declaración firmada que indique que usted cree de buena fe que el contenido es infractor, que la información que proporciona es correcta y que usted es el propietario del contenido o está autorizado a representarlo.
También deberá tener en cuenta que, en virtud de la sección 512(f) de la DMCA, cualquier persona que, a sabiendas, envíe notificaciones de infracción sin fundamento podrá ser responsable por daños y perjuicios, por lo que le recomendamos que no presente ninguna reclamación falsa. Podremos compartir cualquier información o correspondencia que usted nos proporcione con terceros, incluida la persona que cargó el material presuntamente infractor al Servicio.
Cuando recibimos un aviso de infracción bona fide, nuestra política será: eliminar o inhabilitar de inmediato el acceso al contenido infractor; notificar a la persona que cargó el material infractor que hemos eliminado o inhabilitado el acceso al material; y en el caso de infractores reincidentes, cancelar el acceso de la persona a los Servicios. Si recibimos un contraaviso de dicha persona, podemos enviarle una copia en la que le explicaremos que podremos restaurar el material eliminado o dejar de inhabilitarlo en 10 días hábiles. A menos que usted presente una acción para obtener una orden judicial contra nosotros o contra la persona que cargó el contenido, restableceremos el acceso al material eliminado en un plazo de 10 a 14 días hábiles o más, tras la recepción del contraaviso, a nuestra discreción.
DESCARGO DE RESPONSABILIDAD DE GARANTÍAS 
El uso de los Servicios correrá bajo su propio riesgo. Los Servicios, los WLD, el contenido y toda otra PI se proporcionarán "TAL CUAL SE ENCUENTRAN" y "SEGÚN DISPONIBILIDAD", sin ninguna declaración o garantía, ya sea expresa, implícita o legal. En la medida máxima permitida por la ley aplicable, renunciamos específicamente a cualquier garantía implícita de título, comerciabilidad, idoneidad para un propósito particular o no infracción en cuanto a las características, el contenido u otra PI contenida en los Servicios. Algunas jurisdicciones no permiten la exclusión de garantías implícitas, por lo que es posible que las exclusiones anteriores no se apliquen en su caso. No avalaremos, garantizaremos ni asumimos responsabilidad alguna por ningún tipo de publicidad, oferta o declaración realizada por terceros, incluidos otros usuarios, con respecto a los Servicios.
No ofrecemos ninguna declaración ni garantía de que el acceso a la totalidad o parte de los Servicios sea continuo, ininterrumpido, oportuno, seguro o sin de errores; que los Servicios o el contenido sean precisos, completos, fiables o actuales; que los Servicios estén libres de virus u otros componentes dañinos; o que los Servicios o el contenido satisfagan sus requisitos, necesidades o expectativas.
Además, no ofrecemos ninguna declaración ni garantía con respecto a la legalidad de los Servicios o WLD para cualquier caso de uso, o que los Servicios o WLD cumplirán con los requisitos regulatorios o de cumplimiento. Usted será el único responsable de determinar todas las restricciones y requisitos legales y reglamentarios que rijan su uso de los Servicios o WLD y de cumplirlos. A excepción de las declaraciones expresas establecidas en estos Términos, por el presente, usted reconoce y acepta que no se ha basado en ninguna otra declaración o compromiso, ya sea escrito u oral, con respecto a su acceso a los Servicios o WLD y su uso de estos.
No actuaremos ni podremos actuar como su asesor con respecto a ningún asunto financiero, jurídico, de inversión o fiscal. Cualquier contenido se presenta como relevante a la fecha indicada. Cualquier proyección, estimación, previsión, meta u opinión expresada aquí está sujeta a riesgos, incertidumbres y suposiciones, por lo tanto, pueden ser incorrectas y cambiar sin previo aviso. No se debe confiar en ningún contenido. 
Es posible que cierta información presentada aquí se haya obtenido de terceras fuentes. Si bien consideramos que estas fuentes son confiables, no hemos verificado dicha información de manera independiente y no realizamos declaración alguna sobre su exactitud. No somos un corredor de bolsa registrado ni un asesor de inversiones. No realizamos ninguna declaración y renunciamos de manera específica a todas las garantías, expresas, implícitas o legales, con respecto a la precisión, la puntualidad o la integridad de cualquier material contenido en los Servicios. Nuestro contenido es solo para información general, y usted será el único responsable de determinar si utilizará o no los Servicios. Usted reconoce que el comercio, el uso y la tenencia de Tokens digitales serán intrínsecamente arriesgados. Puede perder todos los fondos de su billetera. Usted reconoce que el Servicio podrá estar sujeto a restricciones a la exportación y a sanciones económicas impuestas por la legislación estadounidense.
No somos responsables ante usted ni ante ningún tercero por la modificación o la rescisión de los Servicios, o por la suspensión o la cancelación de su acceso a los Servicios. 
LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD
No excluiremos ni limitaremos nuestra responsabilidad ante usted cuando sea ilegal hacerlo. En los países en los que no se permiten los siguientes tipos de exclusiones, responderemos ante usted solo por las pérdidas y los daños y perjuicios que surjan, de manera razonablemente previsible, en caso de que obremos sin diligencia y habilidad razonables o que incumplamos el contrato con usted. Este párrafo no tiene incidencia en los derechos del consumidor que no puedan ser objeto de renuncia o limitación mediante un contrato o acuerdo.
En la medida permitida por la ley, usted acepta que, en ninguna circunstancia, nosotros o ninguno de nuestros ejecutivos, directores, empleados, contratistas, agentes, filiales o subsidiarias (las "Partes de TFH") seremos responsables ante usted por ningún daño indirecto, punitivo, incidental, especial, emergente o ejemplar, incluidos los daños por lucro cesante, fondo de comercio, uso, datos o de otra propiedad intangible, ya sea que dicha responsabilidad se afirme sobre la base de responsabilidad civil extracontractual o de otra manera, y sin perjuicio de que las Partes de TFH hayan sido advertidas de la posibilidad de tales daños que surjan o se relacionen con: el uso o la imposibilidad de utilizar los Servicios, sus Tokens digitales o la red Worldcoin; la inaccesibilidad o la rescisión de los Servicios; cualquier tipo de piratería informática, manipulación, acceso no autorizado o alteración de cualquier transacción o de sus Datos; cualquier transacción o acuerdo celebrado por usted con un tercero a través de los Servicios; cualquier actividad o comunicación de terceros; las acciones de los Operadores de Orb; la pérdida del valor de cualquier Token digital; cualquier Contenido de terceros al que se acceda en los Servicios o a través de ellos; errores, equivocaciones o inexactitudes en nuestro Contenido; lesiones personales o daños a la propiedad, de cualquier naturaleza, que se deriven de cualquier acceso o uso de los Servicios; virus, troyanos o elementos similares que puedan ser transmitidos a los Servicios o a través de ellos; o la conducta difamatoria, ofensiva o ilegal de cualquier tercero. Esta limitación de la responsabilidad se aplicará tanto si los daños y perjuicios se derivan del uso normal o del uso incorrecto de TFH o de los Servicios, como si se confía en ellos, a pesar de cualquier fallo en el propósito esencial de cualquier recurso limitado y en la mayor medida permitida por las leyes aplicables.
En ninguna circunstancia, las Partes de TFH serán responsables ante usted por ninguna reclamación directa, procedimiento, responsabilidad, obligación, daños y perjuicios, pérdidas o costos por un importe superior a 100,00 USD. Si no está satisfecho con los Servicios, acepta que su único y exclusivo recurso será dejar de utilizarlos. Esta limitación de responsabilidad se aplicará en la máxima medida permitida por las leyes aplicables. 
Exención e indemnización. Usted se compromete a defender, indemnizar y eximir de responsabilidad a las Partes de TFH, frente a cualquier reclamo, daños, costos, responsabilidades, honorarios razonables de abogados y gastos presentados contra una Parte de TFH por cualquier tercero que surja o se relacione con: su uso de los Servicios; una infracción por su parte de estos Términos; una infracción por su parte de cualquier derecho de otra persona; su conducta en relación con los Servicios; o su uso de los WLD, los Tokens digitales o la red Worldcoin. Algunas jurisdicciones limitan las indemnizaciones a los consumidores, por lo que es posible que algunas o todas las disposiciones de indemnización de este párrafo no se apliquen en su caso. Si usted está obligado a indemnizar a alguna de las Partes de TFH, nos reservaremos el derecho, a nuestra entera discreción, de controlar cualquier acción o procedimiento, y de determinar si se establece una conciliación y en qué términos.
SI USTED ES RESIDENTE DE CALIFORNIA, renunciará a los beneficios y protecciones del Código civil de California (California Civil Code), art.§ 1542, que establece que: "[una] exención general no se extiende a las reclamaciones que el acreedor o la parte exonerante no conozca o sospeche que existan a su favor, al momento de firmar la exención y que, de haberlas conocido, hubieran tenido una incidencia sustancial en su acuerdo con el deudor o la parte exonerada".
Ley aplicable
Si usted reside en el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), la ley de la República Federal de Alemania se aplicará a este Acuerdo y a cualquier disputa que surja de este Acuerdo o se relacione con este. Si reside fuera del EEE, las leyes del estado de California se aplicarán a este Acuerdo y a cualquier disputa que surja de este Acuerdo o se relacione con este. La ley aplicable establecida en esta sección será de aplicación, sin tener en cuenta los principios de conflicto de leyes. Además, usted acepta que el Servicio se considerará basado únicamente en el estado de California, y que, aunque los Servicios puedan estar disponibles en otras jurisdicciones, su disponibilidad no dará lugar a una competencia en razón de la persona general o específica en ningún foro por fuera del estado de California.
RESOLUCIÓN DE DISPUTAS, ARBITRAJE Y RENUNCIA A DEMANDAS COLECTIVAS
LEA ATENTAMENTE LOS SIGUIENTES PÁRRAFOS. REQUIEREN QUE USTED RESUELVA LAS DISPUTAS CON NOSOTROS MEDIANTE UN PROCEDIMIENTO DE ARBITRAJE INDIVIDUAL, ANTE UN ÚNICO ÁRBITRO, Y NO COMO MIEMBRO DE UNA DEMANDA COLECTIVA. EL ARBITRAJE LE IMPEDIRÁ DEMANDARNOS ANTE UN TRIBUNAL O TENER UN JUICIO CON JURADO, AUNQUE PODRÁ INTERPONER UN LITIGIO CONTRA NOSOTROS ANTE UN TRIBUNAL DE RECLAMACIONES DE MENOR CUANTÍA SI REÚNE LOS REQUISITOS PARA ELLO. 
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") el procedimiento de arbitraje será llevado a cabo, de manera confidencial, por un solo árbitro. El árbitro aplicará las normas de prescripción aplicables y todas las leyes pertinentes, y respetará las reclamaciones de privilegio reconocidas por la ley aplicable.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si usted reside en el EEE, la Disputa se resolverá única y definitivamente mediante arbitraje administrado por el Instituto alemán de arbitraje (Deutschen Institution für Schie­dsgerichts­bar­keit, DIS), de acuerdo con las Reglas de arbitraje del DIS. El arbitraje se llevará a cabo en Berlín, Alemania, a menos que usted y nosotros acordemos realizarlo en otro lugar. Usted acepta que los tribunales de Berlín, Alemania, son el foro adecuado para cualquier apelación de un laudo arbitral o para procedimientos judiciales en caso de que se determine que la cláusula de arbitraje vinculante de este Acuerdo es inaplicable.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si usted reside fuera del EEE, entonces la Disputa se resolverá única y definitivamente mediante arbitraje administrado por el centro de resolución alternativa de controversia JAMS, de acuerdo con las Reglas de arbitraje simplificado de JAMS (JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules), a menos que el importe total de la Disputa sea igual a 250 000 USD o más, en cuyo caso se aplicarán las Reglas de arbitraje integral de JAMS (JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules). El arbitraje se llevará a cabo en San Francisco, California, a menos que usted y nosotros acordemos realizarlo en otro lugar. Usted acepta que los tribunales federales y estatales de San Francisco, California, son el foro adecuado para cualquier apelación de un laudo arbitral o para procedimientos judiciales, en caso de que se determine que la cláusula de arbitraje vinculante de este Acuerdo es inaplicable.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") en cualquier arbitraje, independientemente de su ubicación, las partes no solicitarán que la otra parte presente pruebas, y el árbitro no permitirá que las partes recurran a la exhibición de pruebas; en cambio, cada parte presentará las pruebas que respalden sus posiciones en una fecha y hora mutuamente acordadas antes de la audiencia de arbitraje final.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") el presente Acuerdo de arbitraje contempla la aplicabilidad, la revocabilidad, el alcance y la validez del Acuerdo de arbitraje o de cualquiera de sus partes, y todas las demás Disputas que surjan de su interpretación o aplicabilidad o se relacionen con ello; y todos estos asuntos serán decididos por el árbitro y no por un tribunal o un juez.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si el árbitro o el administrador del arbitraje le imponen cargos de presentación u otros costos administrativos, se lo reembolsaremos, previa solicitud, en la medida en que dichos cargos o costos excedan aquellos que de otro modo tendría que pagar si estuviera en proceso en un tribunal ordinario. También pagaremos honorarios o costos adicionales si así lo exigieran las normas del administrador del arbitraje o la ley aplicable.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") a petición de cualquiera de las partes, todos los procedimientos de arbitraje se llevarán a cabo en la más estricta confidencialidad y, en tal caso, el árbitro recibirá, escuchará y conservará todos los documentos, testimonios y registros bajo sello de forma confidencial, disponibles para inspección solo por las partes, sus respectivos abogados y sus respectivos peritos, consultores o testigos que hayan acordado, por adelantado y por escrito, recibir toda esa información con carácter confidencial para ser utilizada únicamente a efectos del arbitraje.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") además de los procedimientos y recursos de demanda colectiva analizados en este Acuerdo de arbitraje, el árbitro tendrá la autoridad de otorgar cualquier recurso que, de otro modo, estuviera disponible ante un tribunal.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") cualquier tribunal competente podrá dictar sentencia de reconocimiento sobre el laudo dictado por el árbitro.
Haremos todo lo posible por resolver cualquier posible disputa mediante negociaciones informales y de buena fe. Si surge una posible disputa, para comunicarse con nosotros debe enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico a legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com para que podamos intentar resolverla, sin recurrir a la resolución formal de disputas. Si no podemos llegar a una resolución informal en el término de 60 días posteriores a su mensaje de correo electrónico, y usted decide presentar una reclamación legal federal o estatal; una reclamación en virtud del derecho de Common Law; una reclamación derivada de un contrato, responsabilidad extracontractual, fraude, tergiversación o cualquier otra teoría legal; o cualquier otro procedimiento formal que surja de estos Términos, del Contenido o de los Servicios o se relacione con estos (cada uno, una "Disputa"), usted se compromete a resolver la Disputa mediante arbitraje vinculante, en forma individual, de acuerdo con los siguientes términos (en forma conjunta, el "Acuerdo de arbitraje") si se determina que el requisito de arbitraje o la prohibición de demandas colectivas y otras Disputas presentadas en nombre de terceros, conforme se dispone en este Acuerdo de arbitraje, son inaplicables, se considerará que solo las disposiciones inaplicables han sido eliminadas de estos Términos y todas las obligaciones restantes que se incluyen en estos Términos continuarán en pleno vigor y efecto.
Derecho de revocación durante 30 días. Usted tendrá derecho a revocar su consentimiento y no quedar obligado por este Acuerdo de arbitraje; para ello, deberá enviar un mensaje de correo electrónico desde la dirección que utilizó para instalar la aplicación e indicar en el asunto: "ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT" (REVOCACIÓN VOLUNTARIA DE CONSENTIMIENTO AL PROCEDIMIENTO DE ARBITRAJE Y DEMANDA COLECTIVA). Usted deberá enviar su mensaje de correo electrónico en el término de 30 días desde que haya aceptado estos Términos; de lo contrario, estará obligado a someter las Disputas a arbitraje de acuerdo con los términos de este Acuerdo de arbitraje. Si opta por excluirse de este Acuerdo de arbitraje, nosotros tampoco estaremos obligados por el Acuerdo de arbitraje.
Cambios en este Acuerdo de arbitraje. Le notificaremos con 30 días de anticipación sobre cualquier cambio que hagamos en la sección de estos Términos titulada "Resolución de disputas, arbitraje y renuncia a demandas colectivas", y los cambios entrarán en vigor 30 días después de que reciba el aviso de nuestra parte. Los cambios realizados en la sección titulada Resolución de disputas, arbitraje y renuncia a demandas colectivas se aplicarán de forma prospectiva, solo a las Disputas que surjan después del día 30. Si un tribunal o árbitro decide que los cambios realizados en la secciónno son aplicables o válidos, dichos cambios se separarán de estos Términos, y el tribunal o árbitro aplicará los términos del primer Acuerdo de arbitraje vigente después de que usted haya comenzado a utilizar los Servicios. Usted podrá ejercer su derecho a excluirse de los nuevos términos del Acuerdo de arbitraje mediante los procedimientos establecidos en la sección anterior titulada "Derecho de revocación durante 30 días".
Este Acuerdo de arbitraje seguirá vigente tanto después de la rescisión de estos Términos como después de que usted use los Servicios.
Sin perjuicio de ninguna disposición en contrario en este Acuerdo de arbitraje, cualquiera de las partes podrá entablar una demanda únicamente para obtener medidas cautelares que pongan fin al uso no autorizado o al uso indebido de los Servicios, o a la infracción de los derechos de propiedad intelectual (por ejemplo, derechos de marca comercial, secreto comercial, derecho de autor o patente), sin recurrir primero al arbitraje o al proceso informal de resolución de disputas antes descrito.
Disposiciones generales
Renuncias, divisibilidad y cesiones. El hecho de que no exijamos el cumplimiento de una disposición no constituirá una renuncia a nuestro derecho a hacerlo más adelante. Si se determina que una disposición es inaplicable, las disposiciones restantes de estos Términos permanecerán en pleno vigor, y se sustituirá por un término aplicable que refleje nuestra intención con la mayor fidelidad posible. Usted no podrá ceder ninguno de sus derechos en virtud de estos Términos, y cualquier intento será nulo. Podemos ceder nuestros derechos a cualquiera de sus filiales o subsidiarias, o a cualquier sucesor respecto de cualquier actividad comercial relacionada con los Servicios.
Totalidad del acuerdo. Estos Términos constituirán la declaración completa y exclusiva del acuerdo celebrado entre usted y nosotros con respecto a los Servicios, y reemplazarán todos los entendimientos, los acuerdos, las declaraciones y las garantías anteriores y presentes, tanto escritos como orales, con respecto a los Servicios. Los encabezados de las cláusulas de estos Términos se incluyen únicamente para facilitar la consulta y no regirán el significado ni la interpretación de ninguna de sus disposiciones.
Disposiciones que permanecerán vigentes. Todas las disposiciones de estos Términos relacionadas con la suspensión o rescisión, las deudas contraídas con TFH, el uso general de los Servicios, las Disputas con TFH y las disposiciones que, por su naturaleza, se extiendan más allá del vencimiento o la rescisión de estos Términos seguirán vigentes después de la rescisión o del vencimiento de estos Términos.
Relación de las partes. No se considerará que ninguna disposición de estos Términos crea ni está destinada a crear una relación entre usted y TFH como socios, empresas conjuntas o de otro modo asociados conjuntos con fines de lucro, ni hará que y ni usted ni TFH serán tratados como agentes uno del otro. Esto incluye el hecho de que ninguna disposición de estos Términos establece o pretende establecer una relación laboral entre usted y TFH.
Asesoramiento profesional o deberes fiduciarios. Todo el Contenido proporcionado por nosotros tendrá fines informativos únicamente y no deberá interpretarse como asesoramiento profesional. Usted no deberá tomar ni abstenerse de tomar ninguna medida sobre la base de información contenida en los Servicios. Antes de tomar cualquier decisión financiera, legal o de otro tipo que implique a los Servicios o a cualquiera de los Tokens digitales, deberá solicitar asesoramiento profesional independiente de una persona que esté autorizada y habilitada en el área para la cual dicho asesoramiento fuera apropiado. Estos Términos no pretenden crear ni imponer obligaciones fiduciarias sobre nosotros, ni lo hacen. En la máxima medida permitida por la ley, usted reconoce y acepta que no tenemos obligaciones ni responsabilidades fiduciarias con usted ni con ninguna otra parte, y que en la medida en que tales obligaciones o responsabilidades puedan existir conforme al derecho de Common Law o de Equity, por este medio se renuncia a ellas y se eliminan de manera irrevocable. Asimismo, usted acepta que las únicas obligaciones y deberes que asumimos con respecto a usted serán los establecidos de forma expresa en estos Términos.
Cambio de control. En caso de que seamos adquiridos por una entidad externa o nos fusionemos con ella, o cedamos de otro modo determinadas funciones a una entidad afiliada o sucesora o a otra entidad que determinemos, en beneficio de los Usuarios, nos reservamos el derecho, en cualquiera de estas circunstancias, de transferir o ceder los Datos que hayamos recopilado de su persona, como parte de dicha fusión, adquisición, venta u otro cambio de control.
Fuerza mayor. No seremos responsables de los retrasos, fallos en la ejecución o interrupción del servicio que sean consecuencia directa o indirecta de la volatilidad significativa del mercado de los Tokens digitales, de un hecho motivado por casos fortuitos, actos de las autoridades civiles o militares, actos terroristas, disturbios civiles, guerra, huelga, emergencia sanitaria, conflicto laboral, incendio, interrupción de los servicios de telecomunicaciones o de Internet o de los servicios del proveedor de red, fallo de equipos o de software, ni de ninguna causa o condición que escape a nuestro control razonable (cada uno de ellos, un "Caso de fuerza mayor"). La existencia de un Caso de fuerza mayor no tendrá incidencia en la validez y aplicabilidad de ninguna de las disposiciones restantes de estos Términos.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Al descargar nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea la AppStore de Apple, lo que incluye a PlayStore de Google (la "Plataforma de Distribución"), usted acepta que los Términos se aplican entre usted y nosotros, y no al proveedor de la Plataforma de distribución (el "Proveedor de la tienda").
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Al descargar nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea la AppStore de Apple, lo que incluye a PlayStore de Google (la "Plataforma de Distribución"), usted acepta que su uso de las Aplicaciones debe cumplir con los términos de servicio de la Plataforma de distribución del Proveedor de la tienda, vigentes en ese momento.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Al descargar nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea la AppStore de Apple, lo que incluye a PlayStore de Google (la "Plataforma de Distribución"), usted acepta que el Proveedor de la tienda es solo un proveedor de la Plataforma de distribución donde usted obtuvo las Aplicaciones.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Al descargar nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea la AppStore de Apple, lo que incluye a PlayStore de Google (la "Plataforma de Distribución"), usted acepta que nosotros, y no el Proveedor de la tienda, somos los únicos responsables de las Aplicaciones.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Al descargar nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea la AppStore de Apple, lo que incluye a PlayStore de Google (la "Plataforma de Distribución"), usted acepta que el Proveedor de la tienda no tiene ninguna obligación ni responsabilidad hacia usted, con respecto a las Aplicaciones o a los Términos.
Tiendas de aplicaciones. Al descargar nuestras Aplicaciones desde cualquier tienda de aplicaciones o plataforma de distribución que no sea la AppStore de Apple, lo que incluye a PlayStore de Google (la "Plataforma de Distribución"), usted acepta que y usted reconoce y acepta que el Proveedor de la tienda es un tercero beneficiario de los Términos, en lo que respecta a las Aplicaciones.
AppStore de Apple. Esta sección se aplicará cuando las Aplicaciones se hayan adquirido de la AppStore de Apple. Usted reconoce y acepta que los Términos se aplican únicamente entre usted y nosotros, no a Apple, Inc. ("Apple"), y que Apple no tiene responsabilidad alguna por las Aplicaciones o el contenido de estas. Su uso de las Aplicaciones debe cumplir con los términos de servicio de la AppStore.
Usted reconoce que Apple no tiene ninguna obligación de proporcionar ningún servicio de mantenimiento y soporte con respecto a las Aplicaciones. En caso de que las Aplicaciones no cumplan con alguna garantía aplicable, usted podrá notificarlo a Apple y (cuando corresponda) Apple le reembolsará el precio de la compra de las Aplicaciones. En la máxima medida permitida por la ley aplicable, Apple no tendrá ninguna otra obligación de garantía con respecto a las Aplicaciones, y cualquier otra reclamación, pérdida, pasivo, daños, costo o gasto atribuibles al incumplimiento de una garantía se regirán únicamente por los Términos y las leyes aplicables a nosotros, como proveedor de las Aplicaciones.
Usted reconoce que Apple no es responsable de resolver ninguna reclamación suya o de un tercero, relacionada con las Aplicaciones o su posesión o uso de estas, lo que incluye, sin carácter restrictivo: reclamaciones de responsabilidad del producto; reclamaciones de que las Aplicaciones no cumplen con algún requisito legal o regulatorio aplicable; y reclamaciones que surjan en virtud de la legislación de protección al consumidor o similar; y todas estas reclamaciones se rigen únicamente por los Términos y las leyes aplicables a nosotros, como proveedor del software.
Usted reconoce que, en el caso de una reclamación de terceros en la que se alegue que las Aplicaciones o la posesión y uso de estas infringen los derechos de propiedad intelectual de ese tercero, TFH -no Apple- será el único responsable de la investigación, defensa, conciliación y exención de cualquier reclamación de incumplimiento de propiedad intelectual, en la medida requerida por los Términos.
Usted declara y garantiza que no se encuentra en un país que está sujeto a embargo del gobierno de los EE. UU., o que fue designado por el gobierno de los EE. UU. como un país "que apoya el terrorismo"; y usted no está incluido en ninguna lista del gobierno de los EE. UU. de partes prohibidas o restringidas.
Usted y TFH reconocen y aceptan que Apple y las subsidiarias de Apple son terceros beneficiarios de los Términos de servicio, en relación con su licencia de las Aplicaciones, y que, luego de que usted acepte las condiciones de los Términos de servicio, Apple tendrá el derecho (y se considerará que ha aceptado el derecho) de exigirle a usted el cumplimiento de los Términos de servicio, en relación con su licencia de las Aplicaciones, como tercero beneficiario de estas.
Atención de reclamos. Hemos designado a un Responsable de atención de reclamos para la India, conforme se detalla a continuación. Tenga en cuenta que solo los usuarios de la India pueden contactar al Responsable de atención de reclamos, de conformidad con las Normas de Tecnología de la información en India (Directrices intermediarias y Código de ética para medios digitales) de 2021. Es posible que se solicite una verificación de usuario adicional.
Responsable de atención de reclamos (Grievance Officer): Jannick Preiwisch
Id. de correo electrónico: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Conditions générales de l'utilisateur Tools For Humanity
Bienvenue dans la communauté Worldcoin! Worldcoin est un protocole open source, soutenu par une communauté mondiale de développeurs, d'individus et d'autres contributeurs. Tools for Humanity est une société mondiale de développement de logiciels et de matériel qui construit les outils nécessaires pour apporter des technologies et des produits de blockchain et d'identité numérique à des milliards de personnes, y compris en contribuant au développement et à la croissance de l'écosystème Worldcoin. 
Les présentes Conditions entre vous et Tools for Humanity Corporation, une société du Delaware (collectivement avec nos affiliés, « TFH », "nous" ou "notre/nos") régissent votre utilisation et votre accès à nos sites Web et applications, notamment l'Application World et l'Application opérateur (collectivement, les "Applications"), ainsi qu'à l'ensemble des fonctionnalités, contenu et services associés que nous vous fournissons (collectivement, les « Services »), en lien avec le protocole Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Veuillez lire attentivement les présentes Conditions avant d'utiliser les Services ou d'y accéder. En accédant à l'un des Services que nous fournissons ou en l'utilisant, vous acceptez expressément d'être lié par les présentes Conditions et par notre Déclaration de confidentialité, qui est incorporée aux présentes Conditions.
Veuillez noter ces parties particulièrement importantes des présentes Conditions vous acceptez de résoudre tout litige entre vous et TFH par l'intermédiaire d'un arbitrage contraignant plutôt que devant un tribunal. Veuillez consulter la section 15 ci-dessous pour plus de détails.
Les produits cryptographiques, y compris les Jetons numériques, sont en grande partie non réglementés et peuvent comporter un risque très élevé. Aucun recours réglementaire peut n'être disponible en cas de perte résultant de telles transactions.
Aucun élément des services ne constitue une offre de vente ou la sollicitation d'une offre d'achat de titres ou Jetons numériques. Les Services ne constituent pas des conseils en investissement. La détention, l'achat ou la vente de Jetons numériques (tels que définis dans la section ci-dessous) peuvent ne pas être autorisés dans votre lieu de résidence et il est de votre responsabilité de vous conformer à l'ensemble des lois applicables. Veuillez évaluer si l'achat, vente, utilisation ou détention de Jetons numériques vous convient compte tenu de votre situation financière et de votre compréhension des Jetons numériques. La valeur des Jetons numériques peut changer rapidement et de telles monnaies sont susceptibles de perdre toute leur valeur. 
En outre, les jetons Worldcoin ("WLD") ne sont pas destinés à être utilisés, achetés ou accessibles par des personnes des États-Unis, y compris des citoyens, résidents ou des personnes situées aux États-Unis, ou des sociétés constituées, situées ou résidant aux États-Unis, ou qui ont un agent enregistré aux États-Unis. Nous ne mettons pas WLD à la disposition de telles personnes des États-Unis. En outre, vous vous engagez à ne pas vendre, transférer ou mettre à la disposition des WLD à toute personne des États-Unis. 
Des informations supplémentaires sur les risques associés à WLD sont disponibles ici. 
Portée des conditions
Protection de la vie privée et vos données. Lorsque vous accédez aux Applications, vous pouvez nous fournir des catégories d'informations personnelles, telles que votre nom ou numéro de téléphone. Si vous fournissez des informations pour établir votre preuve de personnalité et pour réclamer vos jetons WLD, vous pouvez fournir des catégories particulières de données à caractère personnel sensibles, telles que vos informations biométriques. Notre Avis de confidentialité décrit les données que nous collectons auprès de vous et la manière dont nous les utilisons. Veuillez ne pas utiliser les Services si vous ne souhaitez pas que nous collections ou utilisions vos données de la manière décrite dans la Déclaration relative à la protection des données. 
Éligibilité. Afin d'utiliser les Services, vous devez vous conformer aux présentes Conditions et à toutes les lois applicables. Vous ne pouvez pas utiliser les Services pour conduire, promouvoir ou aider d'autres personnes à mener une activité illégale.
En outre, vous devez répondre à tous les critères suivants vous êtes âgé(e) de 18 ans ou plus ; et
En outre, vous devez répondre à tous les critères suivants vous n'êtes pas situé(e) sur le territoire de, sous le contrôle de, un ressortissant ou un résident de : la Syrie, les régions de Crimée, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson et Zaporizhzhia en Ukraine, la Russie, la Corée du Nord, l'Iran, Cuba ou tout autre pays avec lequel les États-Unis, l'Union européenne ou tout autre pays ou région ont des restrictions commerciales de biens ou de services .
En outre, vous devez répondre à tous les critères suivants vous n'êtes pas un "Ressortissant spécialement désigné" (Specially Designated National) tel que déclaré par le Bureau du contrôle des avoirs étrangers (Office of Foreign Assets Control, "OFAC") du Département du Trésor des États-Unis ni ne figurez sur les listes de sanctions d'un autre pays, et votre nom ne figure pas sur la Liste des personnes refusées (Denied Persons List) du Département du Commerce des États-Unis, ou sur les listes de personnes interdites d'un autre pays.
Si vous ne répondez pas à toutes ces exigences, vous n'êtes pas autorisé à accéder aux Services ou à les utiliser. 
Disponibilité. Les pages Web décrivant les Services sont accessibles dans le monde entier, mais cela ne signifie pas que tous les Services ou fonctionnalités de service sont légaux ou disponibles dans votre pays. L'accès à certains Services (ou à certaines fonctionnalités du Service) dans certains pays peut être bloqué par nous ou par des gouvernements étrangers. L'accès à l'Orb et à nos Opérateurs Orb ne sera pas disponible au Texas, dans l'Illinois, à Washington, à Portland, dans l'Oregon et à Baltimore, dans le Maryland. Vous ne pouvez pas utiliser de VPN ou d'outils similaires dans le but de contourner toute restriction. L'accès aux Applications et à certaines fonctionnalités des Applications peut être indisponible ou restreint, en fonction de votre emplacement. Il est de votre responsabilité de vous assurer que votre utilisation des Services est légale lorsque vous les utilisez. Les services ne sont pas disponibles dans toutes les langues. 
Mises à jour. Nous pouvons apporter des modifications aux présentes Conditions de temps à autre. Dans ce cas, nous mettrons les conditions mises à jour à disposition sur les Services. Vous comprenez et acceptez que votre utilisation continue des Services après que nous ayons effectué de telles modifications constitue votre acceptation des Conditions mises à jour. Vous pouvez cesser d'utiliser les Services à tout moment si vous n'acceptez pas les présentes Conditions. Étant donné que les Services évoluent au fil du temps, nous pouvons modifier ou interrompre tout ou partie des Services, à tout moment et sans préavis, à notre seule discrétion.
Conditions supplémentaires. Des conditions générales supplémentaires peuvent régir des applications, du contenu, des fonctionnalités ou des parties spécifiques des Services, et l'ensemble de ces conditions générales supplémentaires que nous vous communiquerons feront partie des présentes Conditions.
Services
Portefeuille non-custodial
L'Application World comprend un portefeuille non hébergé et non-custodial (c.-à.-d. dont le titulaire conserve la clé) aux fins de la détention de cryptomonnaies prises en charge, jetons non fongibles (NFT), devises numériques ou actifs numériques (y compris WLD et collectivement, les "Jetons numériques"). Vous contrôlez les Jetons numériques contenus dans le portefeuille. Avec l'Application World, les clés privées (qui représentent le mot de passe d'accès à la cryptomonnaie) sont stockées directement sur votre appareil. À tout moment, sous réserve d'avoir un accès à Internet et de la congestion de la blockchain, vous pouvez retirer vos Jetons numériques en les envoyant à une adresse blockchain différente. Lorsque vous conservez vos Jetons numériques dans le portefeuille, nous ne contrôlons pas votre portefeuille, vos Jetons numériques ou vos clés privées. Les utilisateurs sont responsables du risque de perte de leurs clés privées et ni TFH ni l'Application World ne sont en mesure de récupérer lesdites clés.
Étant donné que l'Application World est un portefeuille non-custodial, vous recevrez une adresse de portefeuille qui spécifie où vos Jetons numériques sont détenus sur la blockchain correspondante. L'adresse de votre portefeuille est accessible par d'autres solutions de portefeuille non-custodial.
Jetons numériques pris en charge
L'Application World prend en charge les jetons ERC-20. Nous pourrons ajouter une prise en charge de Jetons numériques supplémentaires à l'avenir. Vous pouvez visualiser les Jetons numériques que nous prenons en charge dans l'Application World. 
Vous comprenez que l'envoi de Jetons numériques non pris en charge à l'adresse de portefeuille de l'Application World peut entraîner votre perte totale d'accès auxdits Jetons numériques. Nous n'avons aucun moyen de récupérer les Jetons numériques envoyés à la mauvaise adresse de portefeuille. Assurez-vous d'envoyer les bons Jetons numériques à l'adresse correcte du portefeuille à tout moment, et testez toujours une transaction avec une petite quantité de Jetons numériques.
Offres et accès
Lorsque vous interagissez avec vos Jetons numériques, comme lorsque vous les envoyez à une autre adresse blockchain ou que vous vous connectez à une application distribuée, en utilisant les Services, vous devrez approuver ou "signer" l'interaction via les appareils que vous avez identifiés pendant le processus d'intégration. Les Applications s'appuient entièrement sur vos approbations desdits appareils afin d'initier des interactions avec la blockchain concernée. Vous comprenez que vous interagissez directement avec la blockchain concernée lorsque vous effectuez ces interactions, et que nous ne sommes pas responsables de la transmission des commandes en votre nom. 
Informations sur les tiers
En utilisant les Services, vous pouvez avoir accès à des informations relatives à vos Jetons numériques, comme notamment leur valeur marchande actuelle. La présentation de ces informations n'implique aucune association avec des tiers ou approbation de tiers, même si certaines fonctionnalités fournies en lien avec les Services nécessitent l'utilisation de ces produits tiers. Le contenu desdits services et produits tiers tel qu'indiqué via les Services est basé sur des informations rendues publiques ou que ces tiers nous ont fournies, et nous ne faisons donc aucune déclaration ou garantie sur l'exactitude de ces informations relatives aux services ou produits tiers.
Services tiers
Les Services peuvent vous fournir des liens vers des processeurs tiers pour traiter des transactions telles que des achats fiduciaires de Jetons numériques, la vente de Jetons numériques, l'échange de Jetons numériques et d'autres fonctionnalités qui pourraient être disponibles à l'avenir. Vous pouvez voir quels services tiers sont disponibles dans l'Application World. Lorsque vous effectuez ces transactions, vous effectuez des transactions avec des tiers et non avec nous. Vous devez suivre les instructions pertinentes fournies par le fournisseur tiers et accepter leurs conditions générales. Nous ne prenons pas le contrôle de vos fonds ou Jetons numériques ni ne les transmettons à aucun moment pendant la fourniture de nos Services ou lorsque vous accédez à des services tiers.
Transactions entre pairs
Les Services vous permettent d'envoyer des Jetons numériques pris en charge à des tiers et de demander, recevoir et stocker des Jetons numériques pris en charge par des tiers en initiant des transactions par le biais des Services. Votre transfert de Jetons numériques pris en charge entre vos autres portefeuilles blockchain et vers et depuis des tiers est un transfert. Lorsque vous ou un tiers envoyez des Jetons numériques à l'adresse de votre portefeuille, la personne qui initie la transaction est seule responsable de l'exécution correcte de la transaction, ce qui peut inclure, entre autres, le paiement de frais de réseau ou de mineurs suffisants pour que la transaction soit réussie. Des frais de réseau insuffisants peuvent entraîner le maintien d'un transfert dans un état d'attente et peuvent entraîner des retards ou des pertes en raison d'une erreur dans le lancement de la transaction. Nous n'avons aucune obligation d'aider à la correction de ces transactions. Lorsque vous envoyez un Jeton numérique de votre portefeuille à un autre portefeuille blockchain, ces transferts sont exécutés en chaîne par vous et ne sont pas sous notre contrôle. Vous devez vérifier toutes les informations de transaction avant de les soumettre. Nous déclinons toute responsabilité si vous saisissez une adresse de destination de blockchain incorrecte. Les transferts de Jetons numériques ne peuvent pas être inversés une fois qu'ils ont été diffusés sur le réseau blockchain concerné, bien qu'ils puissent être en attente et désignés en conséquence, pendant que la transaction est traitée par les opérateurs réseau. Nous ne contrôlons pas le réseau et ne garantissons pas qu'un transfert sera confirmé par le réseau.
P2P Marketplace
Le cas échéant, nous proposons un P2P Marketplace pour acheter et vendre certains Jetons numériques. La place de marché P2P est régie par des conditions supplémentaires, disponibles ici. 
Applications décentralisées
Nous pouvons avoir des fonctionnalités vous permettant de connecter votre portefeuille à diverses applications décentralisées. Vous êtes seul responsable de la sécurité de ces applications tierces. Nous n'avons aucun contrôle sur les applications tierces et ne pouvons pas fournir d'assistance pour les problèmes que vous pouvez rencontrer lorsque vous vous connectez à des applications tierces.
Assistance à la clientèle
Nous fournissons une assistance à la clientèle pour l'assistance avec certaines fonctionnalités et fonctions en lien avec les Services. Pour nous contacter, sélectionnez "Assistance" dans le menu de l'application. 
Protocole d'identification mondiale
La Worldcoin Foundation contrôle le Protocole d'identification mondiale. Nous pouvons mettre le Protocole d'identification mondiale à votre disposition par le biais du Service. Le protocole d'identification mondiale vous permet de prouver que vous êtes un être humain réel et unique tout en protégeant votre vie privée. 
En vous inscrivant à l'identification mondiale, vous confirmez que vous ne vous êtes jamais inscrit à l'identification mondiale auparavant et que vous ne vous inscrivez qu'une seule fois. Bien que nous fassions tout notre possible pour garantir l'exactitude de l'identification mondiale, il n'y a aucune garantie que le service soit 100 % fiable et précis. En outre, il est possible qu'un faux positif se produise lorsque vous essayez de vous inscrire à l'identification mondiale pour la première fois. En utilisant l'identification mondiale, vous acceptez toutes les conditions générales énoncées dans les présentes, y compris les conditions énoncées par la Worldcoin Foundation. 
Apprendre à gagner
Nous pouvons mettre à votre disposition certains documents d'information et quiz dans l'Application World ("L2E" (Learn to Earn)). Après avoir suivi un cours de L2E, vous pouvez recevoir des Actifs numériques en guise de récompense. Les informations fournies dans la fonctionnalité L2E sont à titre informatif uniquement et peuvent ne pas être entièrement complètes, exactes ou à jour. Nous ne sommes pas responsables du contenu de la fonctionnalité L2E ; vous ne devez pas vous fier aux informations qu'elle contient. 
La récompense offerte dans la fonctionnalité L2E est un montant nominal et discrétionnaire d'Actifs numériques que nous vous fournissons. Vous devez avoir un identifiant World ID pour participer à L2E et recevoir les récompenses. Il est de votre seule responsabilité de respecter toutes les obligations liées à la récompense que vous recevez, y compris les obligations fiscales. Nous pouvons suspendre la fonctionnalité L2E à tout moment sans préavis. 
Subventions & Réservations WLD
Une fois que vous vous êtes inscrit avec succès à World ID, nous pouvons vous permettre de réclamer une petite quantité de WLD à différents intervalles ("Subventions WLD"). Si vous ne vous êtes pas encore inscrit(e) à World ID, nous pouvons vous autoriser à réserver des Subventions WLD à l'avance ("Réservations WLD"). Les Subventions WLD et les Réservations WLD sont fournies par World Assets Limited, une filiale de la Worldcoin Foundation. Les montants, intervalles et délais exacts des Subventions WLD et des Réservations WLD seront spécifiés dans l'Application World, mais sont déterminés uniquement par World Assets Limited. En vous autorisant à réclamer des Réservations WLD, nous ne garantissons pas que vous recevrez un montant quelconque de Subventions WLD. Les Réservations WLD peuvent expirer, avec ou sans préavis dans l'Application World, que vous ayez ou non déjà effectué une Réservation WLD ou reçu la Subvention WLD associée. Elles sont révocables à notre seule discrétion. 
Application opérateur
Pour les Opérateurs Orb et autres partenaires, nous mettons à disposition une Application opérateur qui vous permet de surveiller certaines activités et statistiques pertinentes pour vous et votre entreprise en tant qu'Opérateurs Orb. Nous pouvons également mettre certaines fonctionnalités à votre disposition pour vous aider à mener vos activités en tant qu'Opérateurs Orb.
Achats, frais et taxes
Frais de transaction. En utilisant les Services, vous acceptez de payer tous les frais applicables, y compris les frais de transaction pour les échanges et transactions de Jetons numériques. Nous vous informerons de tous les frais applicables avant que vous ne réalisiez une transaction. Si vous utilisez un service de paiement tiers, les frais bancaires, les frais de carte de crédit et de carte de débit facturés pour tout achat de Jetons numériques peuvent être déduits du montant réglé de vos achats de Jetons numériques. Vous êtes également responsable du paiement des frais supplémentaires facturés par votre prestataire de services financiers. 
Frais de réseau. Les interactions avec la blockchain entraînent également des frais de réseau. Les frais de réseau sont facturés et payés au réseau blockchain, et non à nous, pour faciliter les interactions. 
Taxes. Il est de votre seule responsabilité de déterminer si, et dans quelle mesure, toute taxe s'applique à toute transaction via les Services, et de retenir, collecter, déclarer et verser le montant correct de la taxe aux autorités fiscales compétentes. 
Mises à jour. Tous les frais sont affichés et à jour comme indiqué dans les Services et peuvent être mis à jour et modifiés de temps à autre.
Facteurs de risque
Cours non légal. Les Jetons numériques ne sont pas des cours légaux, ne sont soutenus par aucun gouvernement, et les comptes de Jetons numériques et les soldes de valeur sur les Services ne sont pas soumis aux protections de la Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, de la Securities Investor Protection Corporation ou à des protections similaires disponibles dans d'autres pays. Nous ne sommes pas une banque et ne proposons pas de services fiduciaires. Les transactions effectuées sur l'Application World sont en grande partie non réglementées dans de nombreux pays. Nous ne donnons aucune garantie quant à la fonctionnalité des blockchains que nous prenons en charge, ce qui pourrait, entre autres, entraîner des retards, des conflits d'intérêts ou des décisions opérationnelles par des tiers qui sont défavorables à certains propriétaires de Jetons numériques, ou entraîner votre incapacité à effectuer une transaction en utilisant les Services. Les détails de transaction que vous soumettez via les Services peuvent ne pas être réalisés, ou peuvent être substantiellement retardés sur la blockchain applicable, et nous déclinons toute responsabilité en cas d'échec de confirmation ou de traitement d'une transaction comme prévu. Il n'existe aucune garantie qu'un transfert initié via les Services transférera avec succès le titre ou le droit sur un Jeton numérique. En outre, des risques spécifiques peuvent être associés à l'utilisation de certains Actifs numériques, tels que WLD. Des informations supplémentaires sur les risques spécifiques à WLD sont disponibles ici. 
Nouvelle technologie. Les Services sont nouveaux. Bien que ce logiciel ait été largement testé, le logiciel utilisé pour les Services est encore relativement nouveau et pourrait présenter des bogues ou des vulnérabilités de la sécurité. De plus, le logiciel est toujours en cours de développement et des changements importants peuvent lui être apportés au fil du temps qui pourraient ne pas répondre aux attentes des utilisateurs'.
Risque pour la sécurité des informations. Les Jetons numériques et l'utilisation des Services peuvent faire l'objet d'une expropriation ou d'un vol. Les pirates ou autres groupes ou organisations malveillants peuvent tenter d'interférer avec les Services de diverses manières, y compris notamment par des attaques de logiciels malveillants, attaques par déni de service, attaques de consensus, attaques Sybil et l'usurpation d'identité. En outre, étant donné que les réseaux blockchain que nous prenons en charge, tels que le protocole Ethereum, reposent sur un logiciel open source, le logiciel sous-jacent aux Services peut contenir des bogues ou des faiblesses intentionnels ou involontaires qui peuvent affecter négativement les Services ou entraîner la perte des Jetons numériques de l'utilisateur ou la perte de la capacité de l'utilisateur à accéder à son portefeuille ou à le contrôler par le biais des Services. Dans le cas d'un tel bogue ou d'une telle faiblesse du logiciel, il peut n'y avoir aucun recours et les utilisateurs ne sont pas garantis de disposer de tout recours ou d'avoir droit à tout remboursement ou toute indemnisation.
Précision. Bien que nous cherchions à fournir des informations exactes et opportunes par le biais des Services (y compris notamment le contenu), celles-ci peuvent ne pas toujours être entièrement exactes, complètes ou à jour et peuvent également inclure des inexactitudes techniques ou des erreurs typographiques. Afin de continuer à vous fournir des informations aussi complètes et exactes que possible, les informations peuvent, dans la mesure autorisée par la loi applicable, être modifiées ou mises à jour de temps à autre sans préavis, y compris notamment les informations concernant nos politiques, produits et services. Par conséquent, vous devez vérifier toutes les informations avant de vous fonder sur celles-ci, et toutes les décisions basées sur les informations fournies par le biais des Services relèvent de votre seule responsabilité et nous n'aurons aucune responsabilité pour ces décisions. 
Disponibilité. Bien que nous nous efforcions de vous fournir un excellent service, nous ne garantissons pas que les Services seront disponibles sans interruption. Les Services peuvent être temporairement indisponibles pour des raisons de maintenance ou autres. Nous déclinons toute responsabilité en cas d'erreur, d'omission, d'interruption, de suppression, de défaut, de retard de fonctionnement ou de transmission, de défaillance de ligne de communication, de vol ou de destruction, ou d'accès non autorisé aux communications des utilisateurs ou de modification de celles-ci. Nous ne sommes pas responsables de tous problèmes ou dysfonctionnements techniques d'un réseau ou de lignes téléphoniques, de systèmes informatiques en ligne, de serveurs ou de fournisseurs, d'équipements informatiques, de logiciels, de défaillances d'e-mails ou de lecteurs en raison de problèmes techniques ou de congestions de trafic sur Internet ou sur les Services ou leur combinaison, y compris les préjudices ou dommages causés aux utilisateurs ou à l'ordinateur de toute autre personne liés à ou résultant de la participation ou du téléchargement de documents en relation avec les Services. Nous ne sommes pas responsables de toutes pertes ou tous dommages, dommages financiers ou pertes de profits, pertes d'activité, dommages corporels ou décès résultant de l'utilisation du Service par quiconque, de tout Contenu publié sur ou via le Service ou transmis aux utilisateurs, ou de toute interaction entre les utilisateurs des Services, en ligne ou hors ligne.
Forks. Le logiciel utilisé pour créer des WLD est un logiciel libre, que chacun peut copier et utiliser gratuitement. Cela signifie que n'importe qui peut créer une version modifiée de WLD, autrement désignée comme un "Fork". Dans l'éventualité d'un Fork ou de toute autre perturbation du réseau de Jetons numériques, nous pourrions ne pas être en mesure de soutenir toute activité liée au Fork. Les transactions peuvent ne pas être terminées, être partiellement ou incorrectement complétées, ou considérablement retardées lorsqu'un Fork se produit. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des pertes que vous subissez qui sont causées en tout ou partie par un Fork ou une autre perturbation du réseau.
Services tiers. Nous nous appuyons sur des prestataires de services tiers pour fournir certaines fonctionnalités au sein des Applications, par exemple la possibilité d'acheter des Actifs numériques en devise fiduciaire, ou la possibilité d'échanger un Actif numérique pour un autre. Nous ne fournissons pas les services précités, et nous ne sommes pas parties à une telle transaction. Vous vous appuyez uniquement sur des prestataires tiers pour de tels services, et vous devez avoir un compte auprès des prestataires tiers et accepter leurs conditions. Nous ne sommes pas en mesure de vous aider si vous rencontrez des problèmes en utilisant leur service, et nous ne sommes responsables d'aucune transaction que vous effectuez avec des prestataires tiers. 
Propriété intellectuelle.
Propriété. Nos logiciels, l'application, les Services, le Contenu, les Marques (telles que définies ci-dessous) et la conception, la sélection et l'arrangement du Contenu dans les Services (la "PI") sont protégés par des droits d'auteur, des marques commerciales, des brevets et d'autres droits de propriété intellectuelle et lois des États-Unis et d'autres pays applicables. Vous acceptez de vous conformer à tous les droits de propriété intellectuelle et lois applicables, ainsi qu'à tous les avis ou restrictions relatifs aux marques commerciales ou aux droits d'auteur contenus dans le Contrat ou les Services. Vous ne pourrez pas supprimer tout droit d'auteur, marque commerciale ou autres avis d'exclusivité figurant dans la PI. 
Marques commerciales. Le nom de Tools for Humanity Corporation, le nom et le design Worldcoin, le logo "Seven Hands" et tous les logos et slogans associés sont des marques commerciales ou des marques de service de Tools for Humanity Corporation ou de ses concédants (les "Marques"). Vous ne pouvez pas copier, imiter ou utiliser les Marques, en tout ou en partie, sans notre autorisation écrite. L'ensemble des autres marques commerciales, noms ou logos mentionnés en lien avec les Services sont la propriété de leurs propriétaires respectifs et vous ne pouvez pas les copier, les imiter ou les utiliser, en tout ou en partie, sans l'autorisation écrite du propriétaire de la marque commerciale concernée. L'inclusion de marques d'autrui dans les Services ne constitue pas une approbation ou une recommandation de notre part.
Licence et restrictions
Licence. À condition que vous soyez éligible à l'utilisation des Services et sous réserve de votre respect des présentes Conditions, nous vous accordons par les présentes une licence limitée pour accéder aux Services et les utiliser.
Restrictions de licence. Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à republier le Contenu sur un site Internet, Intranet ou Extranet, ni à intégrer les informations dans toute autre base de données ou compilation, et toute autre utilisation du Contenu est strictement interdite. Toute utilisation des Services autre que celle spécifiquement autorisée dans les présentes, sans notre autorisation écrite préalable, est strictement interdite et mettra fin à la licence accordée dans les présentes. Une telle utilisation non autorisée peut également enfreindre les lois applicables, y compris notamment les lois sur les droits d'auteur et les marques commerciales, ainsi que les réglementations et lois applicables en matière de communication. Sauf mention contraire explicite dans les présentes Conditions, aucune disposition ne saurait être interprétée comme conférant une licence sur les droits de propriété intellectuelle, que ce soit par préclusion, implication ou autrement. Nous pouvons révoquer cette licence à tout moment sans préavis et avec ou sans motif.
Gouvernement. Si vous êtes un utilisateur final du gouvernement des États-Unis, nous vous concédons sous licence les Services en tant qu'"Article commercial" tel que ce terme est défini dans le Code des règlements fédéraux (Code of Federal Regulations) des États-Unis (voir 48 C. F. R. § 2.101), et les droits que nous vous accordons à l'égard des Services sont les mêmes que les droits que nous accordons à tous les autres utilisateurs en vertu des présentes Conditions.
Utilisation acceptable
Vous ne pouvez utiliser les Services que pour votre usage personnel. Nous nous réservons le droit, à tout moment et à notre seule discrétion, d'examiner, d'annuler ou de suspendre votre accès aux Services ou votre utilisation des Services. Les éléments figurant sur la liste des Utilisations interdites ne sont que des exemples et la liste n'est pas exhaustive. Nous sommes susceptibles d'ajouter ou de supprimer des types d'utilisations interdites à notre seule discrétion. 
Exemples d'utilisations interdites activité illégale : Toute activité qui enfreindrait, ou aiderait à enfreindre, tout programme de sanctions géré par l'OFAC ou toute loi dans les pays où nous exerçons nos activités, qui impliquerait le produit d'une activité illégale ou toute publication, distribution ou diffusion de ressources ou informations illégales.
Exemples d'utilisations interdites utilisation excessive ou piratage : Toute activité qui impose une charge déraisonnable ou disproportionnée à notre infrastructure, ou qui interfère de manière préjudiciable avec des systèmes, données ou informations, qui les intercepte ou les exproprie, qui transmet ou met en ligne toute ressource sur les Services contenant des virus, chevaux de Troie, vers informatiques ou tout autre programme nuisible ou dangereux ou qui tente d'obtenir un accès non autorisé aux systèmes informatiques ou aux réseaux connectés aux Services.
Exemples d'utilisations interdites abus d'autrui : Toute activité qui interfère avec l'accès aux Services ou avec leur utilisation par une autre personne, diffame, dénigre, extorque, harcèle, traque, menace ou viole ou enfreint autrement la vie privée, la propriété intellectuelle ou tout autre droit légal d'une autre personne, incite, menace, facilite, promeut ou encourage la haine, l'intolérance raciale ou des actes violents à l'encontre d'autres personnes, collecte ou obtient les données d'un autre utilisateur à partir des Services sans autorisation.
Exemples d'utilisations interdites fraude et autres pratiques commerciales déloyales : Toute activité qui consiste à nous escroquer nous, nos utilisateurs ou toute autre personne, à nous fournir des informations fausses, inexactes ou trompeuses, à promettre des récompenses déraisonnablement élevées ou à vendre un service sans avantage supplémentaire pour l'acheteur, y compris toute autre pratique prédatrice et trompeuse, ou à promettre des loteries, tombolas, enchères, concours, tirages au sort, jeux d'argent ou tout autre jeu de hasard illégaux.
Exemples d'utilisations interdites violation de la propriété intellectuelle : Toute activité qui implique la vente, la distribution ou le fait de fournir l'accès à de la musique, des films, des logiciels contrefaits, ou d'autres ressources sous licence sans l'autorisation appropriée du détenteur des droits, l'utilisation de la PI (y compris de la Marque) sans consentement exprès ou d'une manière qui nous porterait préjudice à nous ou notre marque, qui implique une approbation ou une affiliation mensongères avec nous ou tout qui enfreint ou viole tout droit d'auteur, marque commerciale, droit de publicité ou à la vie privée, ou tout autre droit exclusif en vertu de la loi.
Exemples d'utilisations interdites 8. Opérateurs Orb
Nous collaborons avec des prestataires indépendants locaux appelés "Opérateurs Orb", qui facilitent l'inscription des utilisateurs et aident à répondre aux questions que vous pourriez avoir sur nous. Ces Opérateurs Orb ont reçu une formation et connaissent bien Worldcoin. Cependant, nous n'avons aucun contrôle et déclinons toute responsabilité quant à ce qu'ils disent ou à la manière dont ils se conduisent. Les Opérateurs Orb ne sont en aucune manière nos représentants ou employés. Tout(e) effort, fonctionnalité, processus, politique, norme ou tout autre effort entrepris par TFH dans l'intérêt de ses utilisateurs n'indiquent pas une relation d'emploi ou de mandat avec un Opérateur Orb. 
Suspension
Nous pouvons suspendre et restreindre votre accès aux Services : Nous sommes tenus de le faire par une assignation à comparaître, une ordonnance du tribunal, ou une ordonnance contraignante d'une autorité gouvernementale valable ; Nous soupçonnons raisonnablement que vous utilisez le Service dans le cadre d'une Utilisation interdite ; Votre utilisation des Services fait l'objet de tout litige, toute enquête, ou procédure gouvernementale en cours ou nous percevons un risque accru de non-conformité légale ou réglementaire associée à votre activité ; Nos partenaires de service ne sont pas en mesure de prendre en charge votre utilisation ; Vous prenez toute mesure que nous considérons comme contournant nos contrôles.
Ne constitue pas une offre de titres ou d'intérêts sur des marchandises
Le contenu des Services ne constitue pas une offre d'achat ou de vente ou la sollicitation d'une offre d'achat ou de vente d'investissements, de titres, de participation dans une société, de marchandises ou de tout autre instrument financier. Le contenu ou les Services ne constituent pas non plus, et ne peuvent pas être utilisés pour ou en relation avec, une offre ou une sollicitation par toute personne dans un État ou territoire dans lequel une telle offre ou sollicitation n'est pas autorisée, ou à toute personne à qui il est illégal de faire une telle offre ou sollicitation.
Contenu
Confiance dans le contenu et modifications apportées aux Services. Les informations et les documents que nous vous fournissons par l'intermédiaire des Services ("Contenu") sont uniquement fournis à des fins d'information générale et nous ne garantissons pas leur exactitude, leur utilité ou leur exhaustivité. Toute confiance que vous placez dans notre Contenu est strictement à vos propres risques. Nous n'avons aucune responsabilité quant aux actions que vous prenez ou ne prenez pas en raison du Contenu, ou pour toute personne avec laquelle vous partagez le Contenu. Les déclarations d'autres utilisateurs décrivant leur utilisation de nos Services trouvés sur les Services ou ailleurs ne doivent pas être considérées comme notre approbation de leurs déclarations si les déclarations sont incompatibles avec les présentes Conditions ou notre Contenu. Nous pouvons mettre à jour le Contenu de temps à autre, mais ledit Contenu peut ne pas être complet ou à jour, et nous n'avons aucune obligation envers vous de mettre à jour le Contenu ou toute autre partie des Services. Nous pouvons modifier ou interrompre, temporairement ou définitivement, tout ou partie du Contenu ou des Services sans vous en informer au préalable. Nous ne serons pas responsables de toute modification, suspension ou interruption de tout ou partie du Contenu ou des Services.
Services et contenu tiers. Nous pouvons fournir des liens vers des ressources pédagogiques, des webinaires, des rencontres et des promotions sur des plateformes de réseaux sociaux ("Services tiers") qui permettent le partage et la collaboration entre les utilisateurs et d'autres tiers. Si vous partagez des informations personnelles, des images, des opinions, du contenu ou d'autres données sur ces services, vous le faites à vos propres risques, et votre utilisation de ces services est soumise aux conditions d'utilisation et aux politiques de protection des données de ces services, et non aux nôtres. Vous devez consulter les conditions d'utilisation de chaque Service tiers pour mieux comprendre vos droits et la manière dont ces plateformes utilisent vos données. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des pertes, vols, compromissions ou utilisations abusives de vos données en lien avec tout Service tiers (y compris la négligence), sauf dans la mesure où cette responsabilité ne peut pas être limitée en vertu des lois applicables. Vous utilisez toute information fournie par un Service tiers ("Contenu tiers") à vos propres risques, et nous ne vous promettons pas que tout Contenu tiers est exact, complet, authentique ou approprié à votre situation personnelle. Le Contenu tiers comprend des informations fournies par d'autres utilisateurs qui ne sont pas spécifiquement approuvées par nous.
Contenu utilisateur. En tant que membre de la communauté Worldcoin, vous pouvez publier des messages, des données, des logiciels, des images, des vidéos ou d'autres contenus ("Contenu utilisateur") sur des forums de discussion, des blogs, des comptes de réseaux sociaux que nous détenons ainsi que divers autres emplacements accessibles au public sur les Services. Ces plateformes peuvent être hébergées par nous ou un Prestataire de services tiers en notre nom. Vous êtes responsable de l'ensemble du Contenu utilisateur que vous envoyez, mettez en ligne, publiez ou stockez à travers les Services. Vous devez fournir tous les avertissements, informations et déclarations requis et appropriés concernant votre Contenu utilisateur. Nous ne sommes pas responsables du Contenu utilisateur que vous soumettez par le biais des Services.
Licence du contenu utilisateur. En nous envoyant du Contenu utilisateur, vous déclarez que vous disposez de tous les droits nécessaires sur le Contenu utilisateur et vous nous accordez par les présentes une licence perpétuelle, mondiale, non exclusive, libre de redevances, pouvant faire l'objet d'une sous-licence et transférable pour utiliser tout ou partie du Contenu utilisateur, le reproduire, le distribuer, préparer des œuvres dérivées de celui-ci, le modifier, l'afficher et l'exécuter en relation avec notre marketing et nos promotions, et à d'autres fins commerciales légitimes liées aux Services. Nous pouvons redistribuer tout ou partie des œuvres dérivées de votre Contenu utilisateur dans tous les formats de médias et par tous les canaux de médias que nous choisissons. Par les présentes, vous nous accordez également à nous et à d'autres utilisateurs une licence non exclusive d'utilisation, d'accès, de reproduction, de distribution, de modification et d'affichage de votre Contenu utilisateur par le biais des Services.
Restrictions du contenu utilisateur. Vous acceptez de ne pas utiliser les Services et de ne permettre à aucun tiers de les utiliser pour publier ou transmettre tout Contenu utilisateur qui : est diffamatoire, ou qui divulgue des informations privées ou personnelles concernant toute personne ; est indécent, obscène, pornographique, menaçant, abusif, haineux, racialement ou ethniquement offensant ou qui constitue du harcèlement, qui encourage une conduite qui serait considérée comme une infraction pénale, qui donnerait lieu à une responsabilité civile ou enfreindrait une loi, ou qui est autrement inapproprié ; qui serait en violation des droits de propriété intellectuelle d'autrui, y compris du texte protégé par droit d'auteur non autorisé, des images ou programmes, des secrets commerciaux ou d'autres informations exclusives confidentielles, ou des marques commerciales ou marques de service utilisées d'une manière illicite ; ou interfère de manière déraisonnable avec l'utilisation des Services par un autre utilisateur. Vous nous déclarez que vous publiez volontairement le Contenu utilisateur sur les Services et que par conséquent, la publication du Contenu utilisateur ne crée pas de relation employeur-employé entre vous et nous. Vous ne pouvez pas copier ou utiliser des adresses e-mail, numéros de téléphone portable, soldes, noms d'utilisateur ou toute autre information personnelle concernant d'autres utilisateurs sans leur autorisation. Les e-mails, courriers, appels téléphoniques ou autres communications non sollicités adressés à d'autres utilisateurs par l'intermédiaire des Services ou sur tout autre canal sont interdits.
Plaintes et retraits en application de la loi DMCA. Si vous pensez que votre marque commerciale ou votre œuvre protégée est violée par notre Contenu ou par un Contenu utilisateur figurant sur les Services ou qu'elle est autrement publiée d'une manière suggérant une approbation par ou une affiliation avec nous, veuillez nous envoyer un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com en indiquant l'objet "Plainte relative à [une marque commerciale/un droit d'auteur]" , selon le cas. Pour que votre plainte soit prise en compte et pour que nous puissions prendre des mesures en vertu du Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), vous devez respecter toutes les exigences du DMCA en incluant les informations suivantes dans votre e-mail l'identification claire de l'œuvre protégée par le droit d'auteur ou de la marque prétendument violée, y compris le numéro d'enregistrement du droit d'auteur si l'œuvre est enregistrée .
Plaintes et retraits en application de la loi DMCA. Si vous pensez que votre marque commerciale ou votre œuvre protégée est violée par notre Contenu ou par un Contenu utilisateur figurant sur les Services ou qu'elle est autrement publiée d'une manière suggérant une approbation par ou une affiliation avec nous, veuillez nous envoyer un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com en indiquant l'objet "Plainte relative à [une marque commerciale/un droit d'auteur]" , selon le cas. Pour que votre plainte soit prise en compte et pour que nous puissions prendre des mesures en vertu du Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), vous devez respecter toutes les exigences du DMCA en incluant les informations suivantes dans votre e-mail l'identification du travail ou de la marque prétendument contrefaisants et dont vous souhaitez le retrait .
Plaintes et retraits en application de la loi DMCA. Si vous pensez que votre marque commerciale ou votre œuvre protégée est violée par notre Contenu ou par un Contenu utilisateur figurant sur les Services ou qu'elle est autrement publiée d'une manière suggérant une approbation par ou une affiliation avec nous, veuillez nous envoyer un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com en indiquant l'objet "Plainte relative à [une marque commerciale/un droit d'auteur]" , selon le cas. Pour que votre plainte soit prise en compte et pour que nous puissions prendre des mesures en vertu du Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), vous devez respecter toutes les exigences du DMCA en incluant les informations suivantes dans votre e-mail l'URL ou une autre direction claire nous permettant de localiser le contenu prétendument contrefaisant .
Plaintes et retraits en application de la loi DMCA. Si vous pensez que votre marque commerciale ou votre œuvre protégée est violée par notre Contenu ou par un Contenu utilisateur figurant sur les Services ou qu'elle est autrement publiée d'une manière suggérant une approbation par ou une affiliation avec nous, veuillez nous envoyer un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com en indiquant l'objet "Plainte relative à [une marque commerciale/un droit d'auteur]" , selon le cas. Pour que votre plainte soit prise en compte et pour que nous puissions prendre des mesures en vertu du Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), vous devez respecter toutes les exigences du DMCA en incluant les informations suivantes dans votre e-mail votre adresse e-mail, votre adresse postale et votre numéro de téléphone ; et
Plaintes et retraits en application de la loi DMCA. Si vous pensez que votre marque commerciale ou votre œuvre protégée est violée par notre Contenu ou par un Contenu utilisateur figurant sur les Services ou qu'elle est autrement publiée d'une manière suggérant une approbation par ou une affiliation avec nous, veuillez nous envoyer un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com en indiquant l'objet "Plainte relative à [une marque commerciale/un droit d'auteur]" , selon le cas. Pour que votre plainte soit prise en compte et pour que nous puissions prendre des mesures en vertu du Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), vous devez respecter toutes les exigences du DMCA en incluant les informations suivantes dans votre e-mail une déclaration signée indiquant que vous croyez de bonne foi que le contenu est contrefaisant, que les informations que vous fournissez sont correctes, et que vous êtes le propriétaire ou que vous êtes autorisé à représenter le propriétaire du contenu.
Vous devez également savoir qu'en vertu de l'article 512(f) du DMCA, toute personne qui envoie sciemment des avis de violation sans fondement peut être tenue de verser des dommages-intérêts, veuillez donc ne pas faire de fausses déclarations. Nous pouvons partager toute information ou correspondance que vous nous fournissez avec des tiers, y compris la personne qui a mis en ligne le contenu prétendument contrefaisant sur le Service.
Lorsque nous recevons un avis de contrefaçon de bonne foi, notre politique nous impose de : supprimer le contenu contrefaisant ou d'en désactiver immédiatement l'accès ; informer la personne qui a mis en ligne le contenu contrefaisant que nous avons supprimé ledit contenu ou en avons désactivé l'accès ; et pour les contrevenants récidivistes, résilier leur accès aux Services. Si nous recevons un avis de contestation de la part de cette personne, nous pouvons vous en envoyer une copie expliquant que nous pouvons restaurer le contenu supprimé ou cesser de le désactiver dans un délai de 10 jours ouvrables. À moins que vous n'intentiez une action en justice à notre encontre ou à l'encontre de la personne qui a mis en ligne le contenu, nous rétablirons, à notre discrétion, l'accès au contenu supprimé dans un délai de 10 à 14 jours ouvrables ou plus après réception de l'avis de contestation.
EXCLUSION DE GARANTIES 
Vous utilisez les Services à vos propres risques. Les Services, WLD, le contenu et toutes les autres PI sont fournis "EN L'ÉTAT" et "SOUS RÉSERVE DE DISPONIBILITÉ" sans aucune déclaration ou garantie, qu'elle soit expresse, implicite ou légale. Dans la mesure maximale autorisée par la loi applicable, nous déclinons spécifiquement toute garantie implicite de titre, de valeur marchande, d'adéquation à un usage particulier ou d'absence de contrefaçon quant aux caractéristiques, au contenu ou à d'autres PI figurant dans les Services. Certaines juridictions n'autorisent pas l'exclusion des garanties implicites, de sorte que les exclusions ci-dessus peuvent ne pas vous être applicables. Nous n'approuvons, ne garantissons ni n'assumons la responsabilité des publicités, offres ou déclarations faites par des tiers, y compris d'autres utilisateurs concernant les Services.
Nous ne faisons aucune déclaration ni ne donnons aucune garantie selon laquelle l'accès à tout ou partie des Services sera continu, ininterrompu, opportun, sécurisé ou exempt d'erreur ; les Services ou le contenu sont exacts, complets, fiables ou actuels ; les Services sont exempts de virus ou d'autres composants nuisibles ; ou les Services ou le contenu répondront à vos exigences, besoins ou attentes.
En outre, nous ne faisons aucune déclaration ni ne donnons aucune garantie quant à la légalité des Services ou de WLD pour tout cas d'utilisation, ou selon laquelle les Services ou WLD répondront à des besoins réglementaires ou de conformité. Vous êtes seul responsable d'identifier et de respecter toutes les restrictions et exigences légales et réglementaires qui peuvent régir votre utilisation des Services ou de WLD. À l'exception des déclarations expresses énoncées dans les présentes Conditions, vous reconnaissez et acceptez par les présentes ne pas vous être fondé sur toute autre déclaration ou entente, écrite ou orale, concernant votre accès aux Services ou à WLD et leur utilisation.
Nous n'agissons pas et ne pouvons pas agir en tant que conseiller en ce qui concerne toute question financière, juridique, d'investissement ou fiscale. Tout contenu n'est valable qu'à la date indiquée. Toutes les projections, estimations, prévisions, cibles et/ou opinions exprimées ici sont soumises à des risques, incertitudes et hypothèses, et peuvent donc être incorrectes et peuvent changer sans préavis. On ne doit se fier à aucun contenu. 
Certaines informations ici peuvent avoir été obtenues auprès de sources tierces. Bien que ces sources soient considérées comme fiables, nous n'avons pas vérifié de manière indépendante toutes ces informations et ne faisons aucune déclaration quant à leur exactitude. Nous ne sommes pas un courtier-négociant agréé ou un conseiller en investissement. Nous ne faisons aucune déclaration et rejetons spécifiquement toutes les garanties, expresses, implicites ou statutaires, concernant l'exactitude, la ponctualité ou l'exhaustivité de tout matériel contenu dans les Services. Notre contenu est fourni à titre d'information générale uniquement et vous êtes seul responsable de déterminer si vous souhaitez ou non utiliser les Services. Vous reconnaissez que la négociation, l'utilisation et la détention de Jetons numériques sont intrinsèquement risquées. Vous risquez de perdre tous les fonds de votre portefeuille. Vous reconnaissez que le Service peut être soumis à des restrictions à l'exportation et à des sanctions économiques imposées par le droit des États-Unis.
Nous ne sommes pas responsable envers vous ou un tiers de toute modification ou résiliation des Services, ou de la suspension ou de la résiliation de votre accès aux Services. 
LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉ
Nous n'excluons pas' ni ne limitons notre responsabilité envers vous lorsqu'il serait illégal de le faire. Dans les pays où les types d'exclusions ci-dessous ne sont pas' autorisés, nous 'ne sommes responsables envers vous que des pertes et dommages qui sont un résultat raisonnablement prévisible de notre manquement à faire preuve d'un soin et d'une compétence raisonnables ou de notre violation de notre contrat avec vous. Le présent paragraphe n'affecte pas les droits des consommateurs qui ne peuvent être annulés ou limités par un contrat ou un accord.
Dans la mesure autorisée par la loi, vous convenez qu'en aucun cas nous ou nos dirigeants, administrateurs, salariés, entrepreneurs, mandataires, sociétés affiliées, ou filiales (les "Parties TFH") ne serons responsables envers vous en cas de dommages-intérêts indirects, punitifs, accessoires, spéciaux, consécutifs ou exemplaires, y compris les dommages-intérêts pour perte de profits, de réputation, d'utilisation, de données, ou d'autres biens incorporels, que cette responsabilité soit invoquée sur la base d'un délit ou autrement, et que les Parties TFH aient été informées ou non de la possibilité de tels dommages consécutifs ou relatifs à : votre utilisation ou incapacité à utiliser les Services, vos Jetons numériques ou le réseau Worldcoin ; l'inaccessibilité des Services ou leur résiliation ; tout(e) piratage, falsification, accès non autorisé ou altération de toute transaction ou de vos Données ; toute transaction ou tout accord conclus par vous avec un tiers par l'intermédiaire des Services ; toutes activités ou communications de tiers ; les actions des Opérateurs Orb ; toute perte de valeur de tous Jetons numériques ; tout Contenu tiers accessible sur ou par le biais des Services ; des erreurs ou inexactitudes dans notre Contenu ; des dommages corporels ou matériels, de quelque nature que ce soit résultant d'un accès aux Services ou de leur utilisation ; des virus, chevaux de Troie ou autres qui peuvent être transmis aux Services ou par leur biais ; ou la conduite diffamatoire, offensante ou illégale d'un tiers. Cette limitation de responsabilité s'appliquera, que les dommages résultent de l'utilisation de TFH ou des Services ou de leur utilisation abusive, ou de la confiance accordée à Worldcoin ou aux Services, nonobstant tout manquement à l'objectif essentiel de tout recours limité et dans toute la mesure permise par les lois applicables.
Les Parties TFH ne seront en aucun cas responsables envers vous des prétentions, procédures, responsabilités, obligations, dommages, pertes ou coûts directs d'un montant supérieur à 100,00 USD. Si vous n'êtes pas satisfait des Services, vous convenez que votre recours unique et exclusif sera de cesser de les utiliser. Cette limitation de responsabilité s'appliquera dans toute la mesure permise par les lois applicables. 
Renonciation et indemnisation. Vous acceptez de défendre, d'indemniser et de garantir les Parties TFH contre les réclamations, dommages, coûts, responsabilités, honoraires d'avocat' raisonnables et dépenses engagées à leur encontre par un tiers consécutivement ou relativement à : votre utilisation des Services ; votre violation des présentes Conditions ; votre violation de tout droit d'une autre personne ; votre comportement en relation avec les Services ; ou votre utilisation des WLD, des Jetons numériques ou du réseau Worldcoin. Certaines juridictions limitent les indemnités des consommateurs, de sorte que certaines dispositions d'indemnisation du présent paragraphe peuvent ne pas s'appliquer à vous. Si vous êtes obligé d'indemniser l'une des Parties TFH, nous nous réservons le droit, à notre seule discrétion, de contrôler toute action ou procédure et de déterminer s'il convient de mettre fin au litige et à quelles conditions.
SI VOUS ÊTES UN RÉSIDENT DE CALIFORNIE, vous renoncez à faire valoir les avantages et protections de la section § 1542 du Code civil de Californie, qui prévoit que : "[a] une renonciation générale ne couvre pas les prétentions dont le créancier ou la partie renonciatrice n'a pas connaissance ou ne soupçonne pas l'existence en sa faveur au moment de la signature de la renonciation, lesquelles, si elles avaient été connues, auraient certainement eu une incidence matérielle sur son accord avec le débiteur ou la partie déchargée."
Droit applicable
Si vous résidez dans l'Espace économique européen (EEE), le droit de la République fédérale d'Allemagne s'appliquera au présent Contrat et à tout litige découlant du présent Contrat ou lié à celui-ci. Si vous résidez en dehors de l'EEE, le droit de l'État de Californie s'appliquera au présent Contrat et à tout litige découlant du présent Contrat ou lié à celui-ci. Le droit applicable énoncé dans la présente section s'appliquera sans égard aux principes de conflit de lois. Vous convenez en outre que le Service sera réputé être basé uniquement dans l'État de Californie, et que même si les Services peuvent être disponibles dans d'autres juridictions, leur disponibilité ne donne pas lieu à une compétence personnelle générale ou spécifique dans tout forum en dehors de l'État de Californie.
RÉSOLUTION DES LITIGES, ARBITRAGE ET RENONCIATION AUX RECOURS COLLECTIFS
VEUILLEZ LIRE ATTENTIVEMENT LES PARAGRAPHES SUIVANTS. ILS EXIGENT QUE VOUS RÉGLIEZ LES LITIGES AVEC NOUS PAR VOIE D'ARBITRAGE INDIVIDUEL DEVANT UN ARBITRE UNIQUE, ET NON EN TANT QUE MEMBRE D'UN RECOURS COLLECTIF. L'ARBITRAGE VOUS EMPÊCHE DE NOUS POURSUIVRE EN JUSTICE OU D'OBTENIR UN PROCÈS DEVANT JURY, BIEN QUE VOUS PUISSIEZ INTENTER UNE ACTION CONTRE NOUS DEVANT LA COUR DES PETITES CRÉANCES SI VOUS Y AVEZ DROIT. 
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") l'arbitrage sera mené de manière confidentielle par un seul arbitre. L'arbitre appliquera les délais de prescription applicables et toutes les lois applicables et honorera les revendications de privilège reconnues par la loi applicable.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") si vous résidez dans l'EEE, alors le Litige sera réglé uniquement et définitivement par un arbitrage administré par l'Institut allemand d'arbitrage conformément au Règlement d'arbitrage du DIS. L'arbitrage aura lieu à Berlin, en Allemagne, à moins que vous et nous n'acceptions de le mener ailleurs. Vous convenez que les tribunaux de Berlin, en Allemagne, sont le forum approprié pour tout appel d'une sentence arbitrale ou pour une procédure judiciaire dans le cas où la clause d'arbitrage contraignante du présent Contrat est jugée inapplicable.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") si vous résidez en dehors de l'EEE, alors le Litige sera réglé uniquement et définitivement par un arbitrage administré par JAMS conformément au Règlement d'arbitrage simplifié de JAMS, à moins que le montant cumulé du Litige soit égal ou supérieur à 250 000 USD, auquel cas le Règlement d'arbitrage complet de JAMS s'appliquera. L'arbitrage aura lieu à San Francisco, en Californie, à moins que vous et nous n'acceptions de le mener ailleurs. Vous convenez que les tribunaux fédéraux et d'État de San Francisco, en Californie, sont le forum approprié pour tout appel d'une sentence arbitrale ou pour une procédure judiciaire dans le cas où la clause d'arbitrage contraignante du présent Contrat est jugée inapplicable.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") dans tout arbitrage, peu importe le lieu, les parties ne demanderont pas la communication préalable à l'autre partie, et l'arbitre ne permettra pas aux parties de s'échanger des documents au préalable ; au lieu de cela, chaque partie divulguera les preuves étayant sa position à une date et une heure convenues mutuellement avant l'audience finale de l'arbitrage.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") la présente Convention d'arbitrage couvre l'applicabilité, la révocabilité, la portée et la validité de la Convention d'arbitrage ou de toute partie de celle-ci, et tous les autres Litiges découlant de ou relatifs à l'interprétation ou à l'applicabilité de la Convention d'arbitrage et toutes ces questions seront tranchées par l'arbitre et non par un tribunal ou un juge.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") si l'arbitre ou l'administrateur de l'arbitrage vous impose des frais de dépôt ou d'autres frais administratifs, nous vous rembourserons, sur demande, dans la mesure où ces frais ou coûts dépasseraient ceux que vous auriez autrement dû payer si l'instance avait eu lieu devant un tribunal. Nous paierons également des frais ou coûts supplémentaires si cela est requis par les règles de l'administrateur de l'arbitrage ou la loi applicable.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") à la demande de l'une ou l'autre partie, toutes les procédures d'arbitrage seront menées dans le plus grand secret et, dans ce cas, tous les documents, témoignages et dossiers seront reçus, entendus et conservés par l'arbitre sous scellés, en toute confidentialité, ne pouvant être inspectés que par les parties, leurs avocats respectifs, et leurs experts respectifs, consultants, ou des témoins qui ont convenu, à l'avance et par écrit, de recevoir toutes ces informations comme confidentielles et de les traiter comme telles et de les utiliser uniquement aux fins de l'arbitrage.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") à l'exception des procédures et recours collectifs discutés dans la présente Convention d'arbitrage, l'arbitre a le pouvoir d'accorder tout recours qui serait autrement disponible au tribunal.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") tout jugement portant sur la sentence rendue par l'arbitre peut être prononcé par tout tribunal compétent.
Nous ferons de notre mieux pour résoudre tout litige potentiel par le biais de négociations informelles de bonne foi. Si un litige potentiel survient, vous devez nous contacter en envoyant un e-mail à l'adresse legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com afin que nous puissions tenter de le résoudre sans recourir à une résolution formelle des litiges. Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de parvenir à une résolution informelle dans un délai de 60 jours suivant votre e-mail et que vous choisissez d'introduire une réclamation statutaire fédérale ou d'État, une action en common law, une action fondée sur un contrat, un délit, une fraude, une fausse déclaration ou toute autre cause d'action, ou toute autre procédure formelle découlant des présentes Conditions, du Contenu ou des Services ou s'y rapportant (chacune, un "Litige"), alors vous acceptez de résoudre le Litige par arbitrage contraignant, individuellement, conformément aux conditions suivantes (collectivement, la "Convention d'arbitrage") si l'exigence de recourir à l'arbitrage ou l'interdiction de recours collectifs et d'autres Litiges introduits au nom de tiers figurant dans la présente Convention d'arbitrage est jugée inapplicable, alors seules les dispositions inapplicables seront réputées avoir été retirées des présentes Conditions et toutes les obligations restantes des présentes Conditions demeureront pleinement applicables.
Droit d'opposition pendant 30 jours. Vous avez le droit de vous opposer à la présente Convention d'arbitrage et de ne pas être lié par celle-ci en envoyant un e-mail à partir de l'adresse que vous avez utilisée pour configurer votre application avec la Ligne d'objet : "OPPOSITION À L'ARBITRAGE ET À LA RENONCIATION AUX RECOURS COLLECTIFS. Vous devez envoyer votre e-mail dans un délai de 30 jours suivant l'acceptation des présentes Conditions, sinon vous serez tenu d'arbitrer les Litiges conformément aux conditions de la présente Convention d'arbitrage. Si vous refusez la présente Convention d'arbitrage, nous ne serons pas non plus liés par la Convention d'arbitrage.
Modifications apportées à la présente Convention d'arbitrage. En cas de modification apportée à la section des présentes Conditions intitulée "Résolution des litiges, arbitrage et renonciation aux recours collectifs", nous vous transmettrons un préavis de 30 jours et les modifications prendront effet 30 jours après que vous aurez reçu la notification de notre part. Les modifications apportées à la section Résolution des litiges, arbitrage et renonciation aux recours collectifs s'appliqueront de manière prospective uniquement aux Litiges survenant après le 30e jour. Si un tribunal ou un arbitre décide que les modifications apportées à la présente section ne sont pas applicables ou valides, alors les modifications seront supprimées des présentes Conditions et le tribunal ou l'arbitre appliquera les conditions de la première Convention d'arbitrage applicable après que vous avez commencé à utiliser les Services. Vous pouvez exercer votre droit d'opposition aux nouvelles conditions de la Convention d'arbitrage en suivant les procédures énoncées dans la section ci-dessus intitulée "Droit d'opposition pendant 30 jours."
La présente Convention d'arbitrage survivra à la résiliation des présents Conditions et à votre utilisation des Services.
Nonobstant toute disposition contraire dans la présente Convention d'arbitrage, l'une ou l'autre des parties peut engager une poursuite uniquement pour demander une injonction afin de mettre fin à l'utilisation non autorisée ou abusive des Services, ou à la violation des droits de propriété intellectuelle (p. ex., marques commerciales, secrets commerciaux, droits d'auteur ou brevets) sans avoir à commencer par un arbitrage ou le processus informel de résolution des litiges décrit ci-dessus.
Dispositions générales
Absence de renonciation, indépendance des clauses et incessibilité. Si nous n'appliquons pas une disposition, cela ne constitue pas une renonciation à notre droit de le faire plus tard. Si une disposition est jugée inapplicable, les dispositions restantes des présentes Conditions demeureront applicables et une disposition applicable lui sera substituée, reflétant notre intention aussi étroitement que possible. Vous ne pourrez céder aucun de vos droits en vertu des présentes Conditions et une telle tentative sera nulle. Nous pourrons céder nos droits à l'une de nos sociétés affiliées ou filiales, ou à tout ayant droit de toute entreprise associée aux Services.
Intégralité de l'accord. Les présentes Conditions constituent l'accord complet et exclusif entre vous et nous concernant les Services et remplacent l'ensemble des accords, ententes, déclarations et garanties antérieurs et concomitants, écrits et oraux, concernant les Services. Les titres des sections des présentes Conditions sont fournis à titre de commodité uniquement et ne régiront pas la signification ou l'interprétation de toute disposition.
Survivance. Toutes les dispositions des présentes Conditions relatives à la suspension ou à la résiliation, aux dettes dues à TFH, à l'utilisation générale des Services, aux Litiges avec TFH ainsi qu'aux dispositions qui, de par leur nature, s'étendent au-delà de l'expiration ou de la résiliation des présentes Conditions, survivront à la résiliation ou à l'expiration des présentes Conditions.
Relation des Parties. Aucune disposition des présentes Conditions ne sera réputée ni ne vise à être réputée vous considérer, vous et TFH, comme des partenaires, des co-entrepreneurs ou autres associés dans un but lucratif, ni ne fera en sorte que vous soyez considérés comme tels, et ni vous ni TFH ne serez considérés comme le mandataire l'un de l'autre. Cela comprend le fait qu'aucune disposition des présentes Conditions n'établit une relation d'emploi entre vous et TFH, ni n'est destinée à l'établir.
Aucun conseil professionnel ou obligation fiduciaire. Tout le Contenu que nous fournissons est fourni à titre d'information uniquement et ne doit pas être considéré comme un conseil professionnel. Vous ne devez pas prendre de mesures ni décider de ne pas en prendre sur la base d'informations contenues dans les Services. Avant de prendre toute décision financière, juridique ou autre impliquant les Services ou des Jetons numériques, vous devez demander conseil à un professionnel indépendant titulaire d'une licence et qualifié dans le domaine pour lequel ces conseils seraient appropriés. Les présentes Conditions ne sont pas destinées à créer ou à nous imposer des obligations fiduciaires, et elles n'en créent pas ni ne nous en imposent. Dans toute la mesure permise par la Loi, vous reconnaissez et acceptez que nous n'avons aucune obligation ou responsabilité fiduciaire envers vous ou toute autre partie, et que dans la mesure où ces obligations ou responsabilités peuvent exister en droit ou en équité, ces obligations et responsabilités sont irrévocablement rejetées, levées et éliminées par les présentes. Vous convenez en outre que les seuls devoirs et obligations que nous vous devons sont ceux qui sont expressément énoncés dans les présentes Conditions.
Changement de contrôle. Dans le cas où nous serions acquis par une entité tierce ou fusionnée avec une entité tierce, ou cèderions autrement certaines fonctions à une entité affiliée ou successeure ou à toute autre entité et que nous estimons qu'elle sert les intérêts des utilisateurs, alors nous nous réservons le droit, dans l'une quelconque de ces circonstances, de transférer ou de céder les Données que nous avons collectées auprès de vous dans le cadre d'une telle fusion, acquisition, vente ou de tout autre changement de contrôle.
Force majeure. Nous ne serons pas responsables des retards, défauts d'exécution ou interruptions de service résultant directement ou indirectement d'une volatilité significative du marché des Jetons numériques, d'une catastrophe naturelle, d'actes des autorités civiles ou militaires, d'actes de terroristes, de troubles civils, de guerre, de grève, d'urgence sanitaire, de conflit de travail, d'incendie, d'interruption des télécommunications ou des services Internet ou des services de fournisseur de réseau, de défaillances de l'équipement ou du logiciel ou de toute cause ou condition échappant à notre contrôle raisonnable (chacun, un "Cas de force majeure"). La survenance d'un Cas de force majeure n'affectera pas la validité et l'applicabilité des autres dispositions des présentes Conditions.
Magasins d'applications. Lorsque vous téléchargez nos Applications à partir d'un magasin d'applications ou d'une plateforme de distribution autre que l'App Store d'Apple, y compris Google Play Store (la « Plateforme de distribution »), vous acceptez que les Conditions sont conclues entre vous et nous, et non avec le fournisseur de la Plateforme de distribution (« Fournisseur de magasin ») .
Magasins d'applications. Lorsque vous téléchargez nos Applications à partir d'un magasin d'applications ou d'une plateforme de distribution autre que l'App Store d'Apple, y compris Google Play Store (la « Plateforme de distribution »), vous acceptez que votre utilisation des Applications doit être conforme aux Conditions de service de la Plateforme de distribution alors en vigueur du Fournisseur de magasin .
Magasins d'applications. Lorsque vous téléchargez nos Applications à partir d'un magasin d'applications ou d'une plateforme de distribution autre que l'App Store d'Apple, y compris Google Play Store (la « Plateforme de distribution »), vous acceptez que le Fournisseur de magasin n'est qu'un fournisseur de la Plateforme de distribution où vous avez obtenu les Applications .
Magasins d'applications. Lorsque vous téléchargez nos Applications à partir d'un magasin d'applications ou d'une plateforme de distribution autre que l'App Store d'Apple, y compris Google Play Store (la « Plateforme de distribution »), vous acceptez que nous, et non le Fournisseur de magasin, sommes seuls responsables des Applications .
Magasins d'applications. Lorsque vous téléchargez nos Applications à partir d'un magasin d'applications ou d'une plateforme de distribution autre que l'App Store d'Apple, y compris Google Play Store (la « Plateforme de distribution »), vous acceptez que le Fournisseur de magasin n'a aucune obligation ou responsabilité envers vous en ce qui concerne les Applications ou les Conditions ; et
Magasins d'applications. Lorsque vous téléchargez nos Applications à partir d'un magasin d'applications ou d'une plateforme de distribution autre que l'App Store d'Apple, y compris Google Play Store (la « Plateforme de distribution »), vous acceptez que vous reconnaissez et acceptez que le Fournisseur de magasin est un bénéficiaire tiers des Conditions en ce qui concerne les Applications.
App Store d'Apple. La présente section s'applique lorsque les Applications ont été acquises auprès de l'App Store d'Apple. Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que les Conditions sont uniquement entre vous et nous, et non Apple, Inc. (« Apple ») et qu'Apple n'est pas responsable des Applications ou de leur contenu. Votre utilisation des Applications doit être conforme aux Conditions de service de l'App Store.
Vous reconnaissez qu'Apple n'a aucune obligation de fournir des services de maintenance et d'assistance concernant les Applications. En cas de non-conformité des Applications à toute garantie applicable, vous pouvez en informer Apple, et (le cas échéant) Apple vous remboursera le prix d'achat des Applications. Dans la mesure maximale autorisée par la loi applicable, Apple n'aura aucune autre obligation de garantie quelle qu'elle soit en ce qui concerne les Applications, et tout(e) autre réclamation, perte, passif, dommage, coût ou dépense attribuable à un manquement à se conformer à une garantie sera uniquement régi(e) par les Conditions et toute loi nous étant applicable en tant que fournisseur des Applications.
Vous reconnaissez qu'Apple n'est pas responsable du traitement de toute réclamation que vous ou un tiers présentez concernant les Applications ou votre possession ou utilisation des Applications, y compris notamment : les réclamations en responsabilité du fait des produits ; toute réclamation selon laquelle les Applications ne sont pas conformes à toute exigence légale ou réglementaire applicable ; et les réclamations découlant de la protection des consommateurs ou d'une législation similaire et l'ensemble desdites réclamations est régi uniquement par les Conditions et toute loi nous étant applicable en tant que fournisseur du logiciel.
Vous reconnaissez que, en cas de réclamation de tout tiers selon laquelle les Applications ou votre possession et utilisation desdites Applications violent les droits de propriété intellectuelle du tiers, TFH, et non Apple, sera seule responsable de l'enquête, la défense, du règlement et de la décharge de toute réclamation pour violation de propriété intellectuelle dans la mesure requise par les Conditions.
Vous déclarez et garantissez que vous n'êtes pas situé(e) dans un pays soumis à un embargo du gouvernement américain, ou qui a été désigné par le gouvernement américain comme un pays « soutenant le terrorisme » ; et vous ne figurez sur aucune liste du gouvernement américain de parties interdites ou restreintes.
Vous et TFH reconnaissez et acceptez qu'Apple, et les filiales d'Apple, sont des bénéficiaires tiers des Conditions de service en ce qui concerne votre licence des Applications, et que, dès votre acceptation des conditions générales des Conditions de service, Apple aura le droit (et sera réputée avoir accepté le droit) de faire appliquer les Conditions de service en ce qui concerne votre licence des Applications à vottre encontre en tant que bénéficiaire tiers de celles-ci.
Réparation des griefs. Nous avons nommé un responsable des griefs pour l'Inde comme indiqué ci-dessous. Veuillez noter que le contact du responsable des griefs ne doit être contacté que par les utilisateurs en Inde conformément aux Règles indiennes de 2021 relatives aux technologies de l'information (Directives pour les intermédiaires et Code d'éthique des médias numériques). Une vérification supplémentaire de l'utilisateur peut être demandée.
Responsable des griefs : Jannick Preiwisch
ADRESSE E-MAIL : grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Tools For Humanity उपयोगकर्ता नियम व शर्तें
Worldcoin समुदाय में स्वागत है! Worldcoin एक ओपन-सोर्स प्रोटोकॉल है जिसे डेवलपर्स, लोगों, और अन्य योगदानकर्ताओं के एक वैश्विक समुदाय का समर्थन प्राप्त है। Tools for Humanity एक वैश्विक सॉफ़्टवेयर और हार्डवेयर विकास कंपनी है, जो ब्लॉकचेन और डिजिटल पहचान टेक्नॉलजी और उत्पादों को करोड़ों लोगों तक पहुँचाने के टूल बना रही है, जिसमें Worldcoin ईकोसिस्टम के विकास और वृद्धि में योगदान देकर ऐसा करना शामिल है। 
आपके और Tools for Humanity Corporation, जो Delaware का एक कॉरपोरेशन है (हमारे सहबद्धों के साथ सामूहिक रूप से, "TFH", "हम" या "हमारा/हमारी/हमारे/हमें/हमसे") के बीच की ये शर्तें Worldcoin प्रोटोकॉल ("Worldcoin") के संबंध में World ऐप और Operator ऐप (सामूहिक रूप से "ऐप्स") सहित हमारी वेबसाइट्स और ऐप्लिकेशंस, और सभी संबंधित कार्यक्षमताओं, सामग्री और सेवाओं जो हम आपको प्रदान करते हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "सेवाएं") के आपके उपयोग और पहुँच को नियंत्रित करती हैं। 
कृपया इन शर्तों के विशेष रूप से इन महत्वपूर्ण भागों पर ध्यान दें आप आपके और TFH के बीच के किसी भी विवाद को न्यायालय की बजाए बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से हल करने पर सहमति दे रहे हैं। विवरण के लिए कृपया नीचे धारा 15 की समीक्षा करें।
इन सेवाओं में ऐसा कुछ भी नहीं है जो बिक्री की पेशकश हो, या कोई प्रतिभूति या डिजिटल टोकन खरीदने की पेशकश का आग्रह हो। सेवाएं, निवेश की सलाह नहीं हैं। किसी डिजिटल टोकन (जैसा कि नीचे अनुभाग में परिभाषित किया गया है) को वहाँ पर रखने, खरीदने या बेचने की अनुमति नहीं दी जा सकती जहाँ आप रहते हैं, और सभी लागू कानूनों का पालन करना आपकी ज़िम्मेदारी है। कृपया विचार करें कि क्या डिजिटल टोकन खरीदना, बेचना, उपयोग करना या रखना आपकी वित्तीय परिस्थितियों और डिजिटल टोकन की आपकी समझ के आलोक में आपके लिए उपयुक्त है। डिजिटल टोकनों का मूल्य तेज़ी से बदल सकता है और शून्य भी हो सकता है। 
साथ ही, Worldcoin टोकन ("WLD") US के व्यक्तियों, जिनमें US के नागरिक, निवासी, या संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के व्यक्ति, या संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में निगमित, स्थित या निवासी कंपनियाँ, या संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में पंजीकृत एजेंट वाली कंपनियां शामिल हैं, द्वारा उपयोग, खरीद, या पहुँच हेतु उपलब्ध होने के लिए उद्दिष्ट नहीं हैं। हम ऐसे US व्यक्तियों को WLD उपलब्ध नहीं कराते हैं। इसके अलावा, आप सहमत हैं कि आप अमेरिकी व्यक्तियों को WLD नहीं बेचेंगे, स्थानांतरित नहीं करेंगे या उपलब्ध नहीं कराएंगे। 
WLD से जुड़े जोखिमों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी यहाँ पाई जा सकती है। 
शर्तों का दायरा
निजता और आपका डेटा। ऐप्स को एक्सेस करते समय, आप हमें कुछ श्रेणियों की व्यक्तिगत जानकारी दे सकते हैं, जैसे आपका नाम या टेलीफोन नंबर। यदि आप अपने व्यक्तित्व के प्रमाण को स्थापित करने और अपने WLD टोकन का दावा करने के लिए जानकारी प्रदान करते हैं, तो आप संवेदनशील व्यक्तिगत डेटा की विशेष श्रेणियां प्रदान कर सकते हैं, जैसे कि आपकी बायोमेट्रिक जानकारी। हमारी निजता सूचना में यह वर्णन है कि हम आपसे कौन-कौनसा डेटा एकत्र करते हैं और हम उसका उपयोग कैसे करते हैं। यदि आप नहीं चाहते हैं कि हम निजता सूचना में वर्णित तरीके से आपके डेटा का एकत्रण या उपयोग करें तो कृपया सेवाओं का उपयोग न करें। 
योग्यता। सेवाओं का उपयोग करने के लिए, आपको इन शर्तों और सभी लागू कानूनों का पालन करना होगा। आप किसी भी अवैध गतिविधि को करने, उसका प्रचार करने या दूसरों की मदद करने के लिए सेवाओं का उपयोग नहीं कर सकते।
इसके अलावा, आपको निम्नलिखित सभी मानदंडों को पूरा करना होगा आप 18 वर्ष या इससे अधिक आयु के हैं; और
इसके अलावा, आपको निम्नलिखित सभी मानदंडों को पूरा करना होगा आपको अमेरिकी राजकोष विभाग (यू.एस. डिपार्टमेंट ऑफ़ द ट्रेज़री) के विदेशी आस्ति नियंत्रण कार्यालय (ऑफ़िस ऑफ़ फ़ॉरेन एसेट कंट्रोल, "OFAC") या किसी अन्य देश की प्रतिबंध सूचियों के द्वारा "विशेषतः निर्दिष्ट नागरिक" घोषित नहीं किया गया है, और अमेरिकी वाणिज्य विभाग (यू.एस. डिपार्टमेंट ऑफ़ कॉमर्स) की निषिद्ध व्यक्ति सूची, या किसी अन्य देश की प्रतिबंधित व्यक्ति सूचियों में आपका नाम नहीं है।
उपलब्धता। सेवाओं का वर्णन करने वाले वेबपेज दुनिया भर में पहुँच-योग्य हैं, लेकिन इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि सभी सेवाएं या सेवा सुविधाएं कानूनी हैं या आपके देश में उपलब्ध हैं। कुछ देशों में कुछ सेवाओं (या कुछ सेवा सुविधाओं) तक पहुँच को हमारी या विदेशी सरकारों द्वारा अवरुद्ध किया जा सकता है। ओर्ब और हमारे ओर्ब ऑपरेटर्स तक की पहुँच टेक्सस, इलिनॉय, वॉशिंगटन, पोर्टलैंड, ओरेगॉन, और बाल्टीमोर, मैरीलैंड, में उपलब्ध नहीं होगी। आप किसी भी प्रतिबंध को निष्प्रभावी करने के प्रयोजन से VPN या ऐसे ही किसी अन्य टूल का उपयोग नहीं कर सकते हैं। ऐप्स, और ऐप्स के भीतर की कुछ सुविधाओं तक की पहुँच, आपके स्थान के आधार पर, अनुपलब्ध या सीमित/प्रतिबंधित हो सकती है। यह सुनिश्चित करना आपकी ज़िम्मेदारी है कि आप जहां सेवाओं का उपयोग करते हैं वहां आपका उपयोग कानूनी है। सेवाएं सभी भाषाओं में उपलब्ध नहीं हैं। 
अपडेट। हम समय-समय पर इन शर्तों में बदलाव कर सकते हैं। अगर हम ऐसा करते हैं, तो हम अपडेट की गई शर्तों को सेवाओं पर उपलब्ध कराएंगे। आप समझते हैं और सहमत हैं कि हमारे द्वारा ऐसे कोई भी परिवर्तन किए जाने के बाद भी सेवाओं के आपका निरंतर उपयोग में अद्यतित शर्तों की आपकी स्वीकृति शामिल होती है। यदि आप इन शर्तों से सहमत नहीं हैं तो आप किसी भी समय सेवाओं का उपयोग बंद कर सकते हैं। चूंकि सेवाएं समय के साथ विकसित हो रही हैं, इसलिए हम अपने विवेकाधिकार पर, किसी भी समय और बिना किसी सूचना के, सेवाओं के सभी या किसी भी हिस्से को बदल या बंद कर सकते हैं।
अतिरिक्त शर्तें। विशिष्ट एप्लिकेशंस, सामग्री, सेवाओं की विशेषताओं या अंशों पर अतिरिक्त नियम एवं शर्तें लागू हो सकती हैं, और हमारे द्वारा आपको प्रदत्त ऐसे समस्त अतिरिक्त नियम एवं शर्तें इन शर्तों का भाग होंगे।
सेवाएं
नॉन-कस्टोडियल वॉलेट
World ऐप में समर्थित क्रिप्टोकरेंसी, नॉन-फंजिबल टोकन (NFT), डिजिटल मुद्राएं, या डिजिटल संपत्ति (WLD शामिल और सामूहिक रूप से, "डिजिटल टोकन") रखने के लिए एक होस्ट-विहीन और नॉन-कस्टोडियल वॉलेट है। आप वॉलेट में रखे गए डिजिटल टोकन को नियंत्रित करते हैं। World ऐप के साथ, निजी कुंजियाँ (जो क्रिप्टोक्यूरेंसी तक पहुँच प्राप्त करने के लिए पासवर्ड का प्रतिनिधित्व करती हैं) सीधे आपके डिवाइस पर संग्रहित की जाती हैं। आप जब चाहें तब अपने डिजिटल टोकन किसी अलग ब्लॉकचेन पते पर भेजकर उन्हें वापस ले सकते हैं बशर्ते आपके पास इंटरनेट की पहुँच हो और ब्लॉकचेन पर भीड़-भाड़ न हो। अपने डिजिटल टोकन को वॉलेट में रखते समय, हम आपके वॉलेट, डिजिटल टोकन या निजी कुंजियों पर नियंत्रण नहीं रखते हैं। उपयोगकर्ता ही अपनी निजी कुंजियों के खोने के जोखिम के लिए ज़िम्मेदार होते हैं और न तो TFH और न ही World ऐप ऐसी कुंजियां वापस पा सकते हैं।
चूंकि World ऐप एक नॉन-कस्टोडियल वॉलेट है, आपको एक वॉलेट पता दिया जाएगा जो यह बताएगा कि संबंधित ब्लॉकचैन पर आपके डिजिटल टोकन कहाँ रखे गए हैं। आपके वॉलेट पते को अन्य नॉन-कस्टोडियल वॉलेट सॉल्यूशन्ज़ द्वारा पहुँच किया जा सकता है।
समर्थित डिजिटल टोकन
World ऐप में ERC-20 टोकन समर्थित हैं। हम भविष्य में अतिरिक्त डिजिटल टोकन के लिए समर्थन शामिल कर सकते हैं। World ऐप में आप देख सकते हैं कि कौन से डिजिटल टोकन हमारे द्वारा समर्थित हैं। 
आप समझते हैं कि आपके World ऐप वॉलेट पते पर गैर-समर्थित डिजिटल टोकन भेजने का मतलब यह हो सकता है कि आप पूरी तरह से उन डिजिटल टोकन तक पहुंच खो देंगे। हमारे पास गलत वॉलेट पते पर भेजे गए डिजिटल टोकन को पुनर्प्राप्त करने का कोई तरीका नहीं है। कृपया सुनिश्चित करें कि आप हर समय सही वॉलेट पते पर सही डिजिटल टोकन भेज रहे हैं, और हमेशा कम मात्रा में डिजिटल टोकन के साथ लेनदेन का परीक्षण करें।
प्रस्ताव और पहुँच
तृतीय पक्षों के बारे में जानकारी
तृतीय-पक्ष सेवाएं
सेवाओं में आपको कुछ लेनदेनों, जैसे डिजिटल टोकन की सरकारी मुद्रा से खरीद, डिजिटल टोकन की बिक्री, डिजिटल टोकन की अदल-बदल, और भविष्य में उपलब्ध हो सकने वाली अन्य कार्यक्षमताओं, को प्रोसेस करने के लिए तृतीय-पक्ष प्रोसेसर की लिंक मिल सकती हैं। आप देख सकते हैं कि World ऐप के भीतर कौन-कौनसी तृतीय-पक्ष सेवाएं उपलब्ध हैं। इन लेनदेनों को करते समय आप हमसे नहीं बल्कि तृतीय पक्षों से लेनदेन कर रहे होते हैं। आपको तृतीय-पक्ष प्रदाता द्वारा प्रदत्त संबंधित निर्देशों का पालन करना होगा और उनके सेवा के नियमों को स्वीकारना होगा। हम सेवाएं प्रदान करते समय या, जब आप तृतीय-पक्ष सेवाओं का उपयोग करते हैं तब, किसी भी समय आपके फ़ंड या डिजिटल एसेट्स को नियंत्रित या प्रेषित नहीं करते हैं।
सहकर्मी के सहकर्मी के साथ कार्य-व्यवहार
P2P मार्केटप्लेस
जहां उपलब्ध हो वहां, हम कुछ डिजिटल टोकन की खरीद व बिक्री के लिए एक P2P मार्केटप्लेस पेश करते हैं। यह P2P मार्केटप्लेस यहां उपलब्ध पूरक नियमों द्वारा नियंत्रित है। 
विकेंद्रीकृत ऐप्लिकेशंस
ग्राहक सहायता
World ID प्रोटोकॉल
World ID प्रोटोकॉल का नियंत्रण Worldcoin Foundation के पास है। हम World ID प्रोटोकॉल को सेवा के माध्यम से आपके लिए उपलब्ध कराते हैं। World ID प्रोटोकॉल आपकी निजता की सुरक्षा करते हुए आपको यह सिद्ध करने की सुविधा देती है कि आप एक वास्तविक और अद्वितीय मनुष्य हैं। 
World ID के लिए साइन-अप करने के द्वारा आप यह पुष्टि करते हैं कि आपने पहले कभी World ID के लिए साइन-अप नहीं किया है, और यह कि आप केवल एक बार साइन-अप कर रहे हैं। हालांकि हम यह सुनिश्चित करने का हर संभव प्रयास करते हैं कि World ID शुद्ध हो, पर इस बात की कोई गारंटी नहीं है कि यह सेवा 100% विश्वसनीय और शुद्ध है। साथ ही, पहली बार World ID के लिए साइन-अप की कोशिश करते समय फ़ॉल्स-पॉज़िटिव होने की संभावना भी है (यानी, पहली बार साइन-अप की कोशिश के बावज़ूद हमारा सिस्टम यह कह सकता है कि आप पहले ही साइन-अप कर चुके हैं)। World ID का उपयोग करने के द्वारा आप यहां इस दस्तावेज़ में मौजूद सभी नियमों और शर्तों, जिनमें Worldcoin Foundation द्वारा निर्धारित नियम भी शामिल हैं, पर सहमति देते हैं। 
कमाना सीखें
हम आपको World ऐप ("L2E") में कुछ सूचनात्मक सामग्री और प्रश्नोत्तरी उपलब्ध करा सकते हैं। एक L2E पाठ्यक्रम पूरा करने के बाद, आप एक पुरस्कार के रूप में डिजिटल संपत्ति प्राप्त कर सकते हैं। L2E सुविधा में प्रदान की गई जानकारी केवल सूचनात्मक उद्देश्यों के लिए है, और पूरी तरह से पूर्ण, सटीक या अद्यतित नहीं हो सकती है। हम L2E सुविधा में किसी भी सामग्री के लिए जिम्मेदार नहीं हैं, और आपको इसमें निहित जानकारी पर ही भरोसा नहीं करना चाहिए। 
L2E सुविधा के भीतर प्रदान किया गया इनाम हमारे द्वारा आपको प्रदान की जाने वाली डिजिटल परिसंपत्तियों की एक नाममात्र और विवेकाधीन राशि है। आपके पास L2E में भाग लेने और इनाम पाने के लिए एक World ID होनी चाहिए। कर दायित्वों सहित, आपको मिलने वाले इनाम के संबंध में सभी दायित्वों का पालन करने के लिए आप पूरी तरह से जिम्मेदार हैं। हम आपको बिना किसी सूचना के किसी भी समय L2E सुविधा को निलंबित कर सकते हैं। 
WLD अनुदान और आरक्षण
एक बार जब आप सफलतापूर्वक World ID के लिए साइन अप कर लेते हैं, तो हम आपको विभिन्न अंतरालों ("WLD अनुदान") पर WLD की एक छोटी राशि का दावा करने की अनुमति दे सकते हैं। यदि आपने अभी तक World ID के लिए साइन अप नहीं किया है, तो हम आपको WLD अनुदानों को पहले से आरक्षित करने दे सकते हैं ("WLD आरक्षण")। WLD अनुदान और WLD आरक्षण Worldcoin Foundation की एक सहायक कंपनी World Assets Limited द्वारा प्रदान किए जाते हैं। WLD अनुदान और WLD आरक्षण दोनों की सटीक मात्रा, अंतराल और समय World ऐप में निर्दिष्ट किए जाएंगे, लेकिन पूरी तरह से World Assets Limited द्वारा निर्धारित किए जाते हैं। आपको WLD आरक्षण का दावा करने देकर, हम इस बात की कोई गारंटी नहीं देते कि आपको WLD अनुदान की कोई राशि प्राप्त होगी। World ऐप में पूर्व सूचना के साथ या बिना WLD आरक्षण समाप्त हो सकता है, भले ही आपने पहले से ही WLD आरक्षण किया हो या संबद्ध WLD अनुदान प्राप्त किया हो। वे हमारे एकमात्र विवेक पर प्रतिसंहरणीय हैं। 
ऑपरेटर ऐप
Orb ऑपरेटरों और अन्य भागीदारों के लिए, हम एक Operator ऐप उपलब्ध कराते हैं, जो आपको Orb ऑपरेटरों के रूप में आपके और आपके व्यवसाय से संबंधित कुछ गतिविधियों और आंकड़ों की निगरानी करने देता है। हम Orb ऑपरेटरों के रूप में आपके व्यवसाय का संचालन करने में आपकी सहायता के लिए कुछ सुविधाएं भी उपलब्ध करा सकते हैं।
खरीद, शुल्क और कर
लेनदेन शुल्क। सेवाओं का उपयोग करके, आप डिजिटल टोकन स्वैप और कार्य-व्यवहार के लिए लेनदेन शुल्क सहित सभी लागू शुल्क का भुगतान करने के लिए सहमत हैं। लेन-देन करने से पहले हम आपको किसी भी लागू शुल्क के बारे में बताएंगे। यदि आप किसी तृतीय पक्ष भुगतान सेवा का उपयोग करते हैं, तो किसी भी डिजिटल टोकन खरीद के लिए बैंक शुल्क, क्रेडिट कार्ड और डेबिट कार्ड शुल्क को आपकी डिजिटल टोकन खरीद की निर्धारित राशि से घटाया जा सकता है। आप अपने वित्तीय सेवा प्रदाता द्वारा लगाए गए किसी भी अतिरिक्त शुल्क का भुगतान करने के लिए भी ज़िम्मेदार हैं। 
नेटवर्क शुल्क। ब्लॉकचेन के साथ बातचीत करने पर नेटवर्क शुल्क भी लगता है। किसी भी बातचीत को सुविधाजनक बनाने के लिए ब्लॉकचैन नेटवर्क से नेटवर्क शुल्क लिया जाता है और भुगतान किया जाता है, हमसे नहीं। 
कर। यह निर्धारित करना आपकी एकमात्र ज़िम्मेदारी है कि क्या, और किस हद तक, सेवाओं के माध्यम से किसी भी लेन-देन पर कोई कर लागू होता है, और उचित कर अधिकारियों को कर की सही राशि को रोकना, एकत्र करना, रिपोर्ट करना और प्रेषित करना भी आपकी एकमात्र ज़िम्मेदारी है। 
अपडेट। सभी शुल्क प्रदर्शित और चालू हैं जैसा कि सेवाओं में दर्शाया गया है और समय-समय पर अपडेट और परिवर्तित किया जा सकता है।
जोखिम कारक
लीगल टेंडर नहीं। डिजिटल टोकन कानूनी निविदा नहीं हैं, किसी भी सरकार द्वारा समर्थित नहीं हैं, और सेवाओं पर डिजिटल टोकन खाते और मूल्य शेष, संघीय जमा बीमा निगम, प्रतिभूति निवेशक संरक्षण निगम सुरक्षा, या अन्य देशों में पाए जाने वाले समान सुरक्षा के अधीन नहीं हैं। हम कोई बैंक नहीं हैं और प्रत्ययी सेवाएं प्रदान नहीं करते। World ऐप पर किए गए लेनदेन काफी हद तक कई देशों में अविनियमित हैं। हम, हमारे द्वारा समर्थित ब्लॉकचेन की कार्यक्षमता के बारे में कोई गारंटी नहीं देते हैं, जो अन्य बातों के अलावा, देरी, हितों के टकराव, या तीसरे पक्ष द्वारा परिचालन निर्णय हो सकते हैं जो डिजिटल टोकन के कुछ मालिकों के प्रतिकूल हैं, या सेवाओं का उपयोग करके लेनदेन पूरा करने की आपकी अक्षमता का कारण बन सकते हैं। सेवाओं के माध्यम से आपके द्वारा सबमिट किए गए लेन-देन का विवरण पूरा नहीं हो सकता है, या लागू ब्लॉकचैन पर काफी देरी हो सकती है, और हम उम्मीद के मुताबिक पुष्टि या संसाधित होने वाले लेनदेन की विफलता के लिए कोई ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं लेते हैं। इस बात की कोई वारंटी या गारंटी नहीं है कि सेवाओं के माध्यम से शुरू किया गया स्थानांतरण किसी भी डिजिटल टोकन में शीर्षक या अधिकार को सफलतापूर्वक स्थानांतरित कर देगा । इसके अलावा, कुछ डिजिटल परिसंपत्तियों के उपयोग के लिए विशिष्ट जोखिम हो सकते हैं, जैसे कि WLD। WLD से जुड़े विशिष्ट जोखिमों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी यहाँ पाई जा सकती है। 
नई टेक्नोलॉजी। सेवाएं नई हैं। हालांकि इस सॉफ़्टवेयर का व्यापक परीक्षण किया गया है, सेवाओं के लिए उपयोग किया जाने वाला सॉफ़्टवेयर अभी भी अपेक्षाकृत नया है और इसमें बग या सुरक्षा कमजोरियां हो सकती हैं। इसके अलावा, सॉफ़्टवेयर अभी भी विकास के अधीन है और समय के साथ महत्वपूर्ण परिवर्तन हो सकते हैं जो उपयोगकर्ताओं की अपेक्षाओं को पूरा नहीं कर सकते हैं।
सूचना सुरक्षा जोखिम। डिजिटल टोकन और सेवाओं का उपयोग ज़ब्त या चोरी के अधीन हो सकता है। हैकर्स या अन्य दुर्भावनापूर्ण समूह या संगठन विभिन्न तरीकों से सेवाओं में हस्तक्षेप करने का प्रयास कर सकते हैं, जिनमें मैलवेयर हमले, सेवा हमलों से इनकार, आम सहमति-आधारित हमले, सिबिल हमले, स्मर्फिंग और स्पूफिंग शामिल हैं, लेकिन इन्हीं तक सीमित नहीं हैं। साथ ही, चूंकि हम जिन ब्लॉकचेन नेटवर्क का समर्थन करते हैं, जैसे Ethereum प्रोटोकॉल, वे नेटवर्क ओपन सोर्स सॉफ़्टवेयर पर निर्भर होते हैं, सेवाओं में अंतर्निहित सॉफ़्टवेयर में इरादतन डाले गए या गैरइरादतन आए बग या कमज़ोरियां हो सकती हैं जो सेवाओं को नकारात्मक रूप से प्रभावित कर सकती हैं या इसके परिणामस्वरूप उपयोगकर्ता के डिजिटल टोकन के नुकसान हो सकता है या उपयोगकर्ता की 'सेवाओं के ज़रिए अपने वॉलेट तक पहुँचने या का नियंत्रण करने की क्षमता' का नुकसान हो सकता है। ऐसे सॉफ़्टवेयर बग या कमज़ोरी की स्थिति में, कोई उपाय नहीं भी हो सकता है और उपयोगकर्ताओं को किसी भी उपाय, धनवापसी या मुआवजे की गारंटी नहीं दी जाती है।
सटीकता। यद्यपि हम सेवाओं के माध्यम से प्रदान की गई सटीक और समय पर जानकारी प्रदान करने का इरादा रखते हैं (जिसमें, बिना किसी सीमा के, सामग्री सहित) जो हमेशा पूरी तरह से सटीक, पूर्ण या ताज़ा नहीं हो सकती है और इसमें तकनीकी त्रुटियां या टाइपोग्राफ़िकल त्रुटियां भी शामिल हो सकती हैं। आपको यथासंभव पूर्ण और सटीक जानकारी प्रदान करना जारी रखने के प्रयास में, लागू कानून द्वारा अनुमत सीमा तक जानकारी को समय-समय पर बिना किसी सूचना के बदला या अपडेट किया जा सकता है, जिसमें हमारी नीतियों, उत्पादों और सेवाओं के बारे में बिना किसी सीमा के जानकारी शामिल है। तदनुसार, आपको इस पर भरोसा करने से पहले सभी सूचनाओं को सत्यापित करना चाहिए, और सेवाओं के माध्यम से प्रदान की गई जानकारी के आधार पर सभी निर्णय आपकी एकमात्र ज़िम्मेदारी हैं और ऐसे निर्णयों के लिए हमारी कोई ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं होगी। 
उपलब्धता। यद्यपि हम आपको उत्कृष्ट सेवा प्रदान करने का प्रयास करते हैं, हम गारंटी नहीं देते हैं कि सेवाएं बिना किसी रुकावट के उपलब्ध होंगी। रखरखाव या अन्य कारणों से समय-समय पर सेवाएं अस्थायी रूप से अनुपलब्ध हो सकती हैं। हम किसी भी त्रुटि, चूक, रुकावट, विलोपन, दोष, संचालन या प्रसारण में देरी, संचार लाइन की विफलता, चोरी या विनाश या अनधिकृत पहुँच, या उपयोगकर्ता संचार में परिवर्तन के लिए कोई ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं लेते हैं। हम किसी भी टेलीफोन नेटवर्क या लाइन, कंप्यूटर ऑनलाइन सिस्टम की किसी भी समस्या या तकनीकी खराबी, सर्वर या प्रदाता, कंप्यूटर उपकरण, सॉफ़्टवेयर, तकनीकी समस्याओं या इंटरनेट या सेवाओं या उसके संयोजन पर यातायात की भीड़ के कारण ईमेल या खिलाड़ियों की विफलता के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं जिसमें सेवाओं के संबंध में सामग्री में भाग लेने या डाउनलोड करने से संबंधित या इसके परिणामस्वरूप उपयोगकर्ताओं या किसी अन्य व्यक्ति के कंप्यूटर को चोट या क्षति शामिल है। हम ऐसे किसी भी नुकसान या क्षति, वित्तीय क्षति या खोए हुए लाभ, व्यवसाय की हानि, या व्यक्तिगत चोट या मृत्यु के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं, जो सर्विस के किसी भी व्यक्ति द्वारा उपयोग किए जाने, सर्विस पर या उसके माध्यम से पोस्ट की गई कोई सामग्री या उपयोगकर्ताओं को प्रेषित की गई सामग्री, या सर्विसिज़ के उपयोगकर्ताओं के बीच के किसी वार्तालाप चाहे ऑनलाइन हो या ऑफलाइन, के परिणामस्वरूप होते हैं।
फ़ोर्क. WLD की रचना हेतु प्रयुक्त सॉफ़्टवेयर मुक्त-स्रोत (ओपन-सोर्स) है और किसी के भी द्वारा कॉपी या प्रयोग किए जाने के लिए मुफ़्त है। इसका यह अर्थ है कि कोई भी WLD का संशोधित संस्करण बना सकता है, जिसे अन्यथा "फ़ोर्क" के नाम से जाना जाता है। फ़ोर्क, या किसी समर्थित मुद्रा के नेटवर्क में कोई अन्य व्यवधान होने की स्थिति में, हो सकता है कि हम फ़ोर्क से संबंधित किसी भी गतिविधि को समर्थन न दे सकें। जब कोई फ़ोर्क उत्पन्न होता है, तो हो सकता है कि संव्यवहार पूरे न हो सकें, आंशिक रूप से पूरे हों, ग़लत ढंग से पूरे हों या उनमें अच्छी-ख़ासी देरी हो जाए। पूर्ण या आंशिक रूप से किसी फ़ोर्क या अन्य नेटवर्क व्यवधान के कारण आपको होने वाली किसी भी हानि के लिए हम ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं।
तृतीय-पक्ष सेवाएं। हम ऐप्स के भीतर कुछ सुविधाएं और कार्यक्षमता प्रदान करने के लिए तीसरे पक्ष के सेवा प्रदाताओं पर भरोसा करते हैं, उदाहरण के लिए फ़िएट मुद्रा के साथ डिजिटल एसेट्स खरीदने की क्षमता, या दूसरे के लिए एक डिजिटल एसेट को स्वैप करने की क्षमता। हम इन सेवाओं को प्रदान नहीं करते हैं, और हम इस तरह के किसी भी लेनदेन में पक्ष नहीं हैं। आप इन सेवाओं के लिए केवल तीसरे पक्ष के प्रदाताओं पर भरोसा कर रहे हैं, और आपके पास तीसरे पक्ष के प्रदाताओं के साथ एक खाता होना चाहिए और उनकी शर्तों से सहमत होना चाहिए। यदि आप उनकी सेवा का उपयोग करने में समस्याओं का सामना करते हैं, तो हम आपकी सहायता करने में असमर्थ हैं, और हम तीसरे पक्ष के प्रदाताओं का उपयोग करके आपके द्वारा किए गए किसी भी लेनदेन के लिए जिम्मेदार नहीं हैं। 
बौद्धिक सम्पदा अधिकार।
स्वामित्व. हमारा सॉफ़्टवेयर, ऐप्लिकेशन, सेवाएं, सामग्री, मार्क्स (जैसे नीचे परिभाषित हैं) और सेवाओं में सामग्री की डिज़ाइन, चयन एवं व्यवस्था ("IP") संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका व अन्य लागू देशों के कॉपीराइट, ट्रेडमार्क, पेटेंट एवं अन्य बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों व कानूनों द्वारा संरक्षित हैं। आप समस्त लागू बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों और कानूनों का, और करार या सेवाओं में जो भी ट्रेडमार्क या कॉपीराइट सूचनाएं या प्रतिबंध हों उनका पालन करने पर सहमत हैं। आप IP में मौजूद किसी भी कॉपीराइट, ट्रेडमार्क या अन्य स्वामित्वाधीन सूचनाओं को हटा नहीं सकते हैं। 
ट्रेडमार्क। Tools for Humanity Corporation का नाम, Worldcoin का नाम और डिज़ाइन, "Seven Hands" लोगो और सभी संबंधित लोगो, और स्लोगन, Tools for Humanity Corporation या उसके लाइसेंसदाताओं के ट्रेडमार्क या सेवा चिह्न ("मार्क्स") हैं। आप हमारी लिखित अनुमति के बिना, मार्क्स की पूरी तरह या आंशिक रूप से कॉपी, नकल या का उपयोग नहीं कर सकते हैं। सेवाओं के सिलसिले में उल्लिखित अन्य सभी ट्रेडमार्क, नाम या लोगो उनके अपने-अपने स्वामियों की संपत्ति हैं और आप लागू ट्रेडमार्क स्वामी की लिखित अनुमति के बिना उनकी पूर्ण या आंशिक रूप से प्रति नहीं बना सकते हैं, उनकी नकल नहीं कर सकते हैं या उनका उपयोग नहीं कर सकते हैं। सेवाओं में दूसरों के किसी भी मार्क को शामिल करना, हमारे द्वारा उसका अनुमोदन, समर्थन या उसकी अनुशंसा नहीं है।
लाइसेंस और प्रतिबंध
लाइसेंस। बशर्ते इसके कि आप सेवाओं का उपयोग करने के योग्य हैं और इन शर्तों के अनुपालन के अधीन, हम आपको सेवाओं तक पहुँचने और उपयोग करने के लिए एक सीमित लाइसेंस प्रदान करते हैं।
लाइसेंस प्रतिबंध। आप किसी भी इंटरनेट, इंट्रानेट या एक्स्ट्रानेट साइट पर सामग्री को पुनर्प्रकाशित नहीं कर सकते हैं या किसी अन्य डेटाबेस या संकलन में जानकारी शामिल नहीं कर सकते हैं, और सामग्री का कोई अन्य उपयोग भी सख्त वर्जित है। हमारी पूर्व लिखित अनुमति के बिना यहां विशेष रूप से अधिकृत सेवाओं के अलावा अन्य सेवाओं का कोई भी उपयोग सख्त वर्जित है और यहां दिए गए लाइसेंस को समाप्त कर देगा। इस तरह का अनधिकृत उपयोग बिना किसी सीमा के कॉपीराइट और ट्रेडमार्क कानूनों और लागू संचार नियमों और विधियों सहित लागू कानूनों का उल्लंघन कर सकता है। जब तक यहां स्पष्ट रूप से नहीं कहा गया है, इन शर्तों में कुछ भी बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों के लिए किसी भी लाइसेंस को प्रदान करने के रूप में नहीं माना जाएगा, चाहे वह रोक, निहितार्थ या अन्यथा हो। यह लाइसेंस हमारे द्वारा किसी भी समय बिना किसी सूचना के और बिना कारण या बिना कारण के रद्द किया जा सकता है।
सरकार। यदि आप यू.एस. सरकार के अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता हैं, तो हम आपको सेवाओं को "वाणिज्यिक आइटम" के रूप में लाइसेंस दे रहे हैं क्योंकि यह शब्द यू.एस. संघीय विनियम संहिता (48 सी.एफ.आर. § 2.101 देखें) में परिभाषित है, और वे अधिकार जो हम आपको प्रदान करते हैं ये सेवाएं वही हैं जो हम इन शर्तों के तहत अन्य सभी को प्रदान करते हैं।
स्वीकार्य उपयोग
आप सेवाओं का उपयोग केवल अपने निजी उपयोग के लिए कर सकते हैं। हम हर समय और हमारे विवेकाधिकार में सेवाओं तक आपकी पहुँच या उपयोग की समीक्षा करने, रद्द करने या निलंबित करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखते हैं। निषिद्ध उपयोग सूची में दिए गए बिंदु उदाहरण मात्र हैं और सूची संपूर्ण नहीं है; और हम एकमात्र हमारे विवेकाधीन निषिद्ध गतिविधि के प्रकार जोड़ या हटा सकते हैं। 
निषिद्ध उपयोग में शामिल हैं अवैध गतिविधि: ऐसी कोई भी गतिविधि जो OFAC द्वारा प्रशासित किसी भी प्रतिबंध कार्यक्रम का उल्लंघन करती हो, या उनके उल्लंघन में सहायता देती हो; उन देशों में किसी भी कानून का उल्लंघन करती हो या उनके उल्लंघन में सहायता देती हो जहां हम व्यापार करते हैं; जिसमें किसी अवैध गतिविधि की कमाई शामिल हो; या जो किसी अवैध सामग्री या जानकारी को प्रकाशित, वितरित या प्रसारित करती हो।
निषिद्ध उपयोग में शामिल हैं अत्यधिक उपयोग या हैकिंग: ऐसी गतिविधि जो हमारे बुनियादी ढांचे पर अनुचित या विषमानुपाती रूप से विशाल भार डालती हैं, या जो किसी सिस्टम, डेटा या जानकारी में हानिकारक ढंग से हस्तक्षेप करती हैं, उसे मार्ग में पकड़ती (इंटरसेप्ट) हैं; सेवाओं में ऐसी सामग्री संप्रेषित या अपलोड करती हैं जिनमें वायरस, ट्रोजन हॉर्स, वर्म या कोई अन्य हानिकारक या घातक प्रोग्राम हों; या सेवाओं से जुड़े कंप्यूटर सिस्टम्स अथवा नेटवर्क्स की अनधिकृत पहुँच पाने का प्रयास करती है।
निषिद्ध उपयोग में शामिल हैं दूसरों से दुर्व्यवहार: ऐसी कोई भी गतिविधि जो किसी अन्य व्यक्ति की सेवाओं की पहुँच या उपयोग में हस्तक्षेप करे; किसी अन्य व्यक्ति की मानहानि करना, उससे दुर्व्यवहार करना, जबरन वसूली करना, उसका उत्पीड़न करना, पीछा करना, उसे धमकाना या अन्यथा उसके निजता, बौद्धिक संपदा, या किन्हीं भी अन्य कानूनी अधिकारों का उल्लंघन या अतिक्रमण करे; दूसरों के विरुद्ध घृणा, नस्ली असहिष्णुता, या हिंसक कृत्य उकसाना,उस की धमकी दे, उसको बढ़ावा दे या उसको प्रोत्साहित करे; अनुमति के बिना सेवाओं में से किसी भी अन्य उपयोक्ता का डेटा निकाले, बटोरे या एकत्र करे।
निषिद्ध उपयोग में शामिल हैं धोखाधड़ी और अन्य अनुचित व्यावसायिक कार्यप्रथाएं: ऐसी गतिविधि जो हमें, हमारे उपयोगकर्ताओं या किसी अन्य व्यक्ति को धोखा देने हेतु संचालन करे; हमें कोई झूठी, ग़लत या भ्रामक जानकारी दे; अनुचित रूप से अत्यधिक पुरस्कारों का वचन दे या क्रेता को किसी भी वर्धित लाभ के बिना कोई सेवा बेचे, या कोई भी अन्य परभक्षी एवं कपटपूर्ण कार्यप्रथाएं; या गैरकानूनी लॉटरियां, रैफ़ल (लकी ड्रॉ), बोली शुल्क नीलामियां, प्रतिस्पर्धाएं, स्वीपस्टेक्स, जुआ या संयोग पर आधारित अन्य कोई गेम।
निषिद्ध उपयोग में शामिल हैं बौद्धिक संपदा का उल्लंघन: ऐसी गतिविधि जो नकली/जाली संगीत, फ़िल्मों, सॉफ़्टवेयर, या अधिकारधारक से उपयुक्त प्राधिकरण के बिना अन्य लाइसेंसशुदा सामग्री की बिक्री, वितरण या उनकी पहुँच को शामिल करने वाले संव्यवहारों में लिप्त हो; जो सुव्यक्त सहमति के बिना या हमें अथवा हमारी ब्रांड को अन्यथा हानि पहुँचाने वाले ढंग से IP (मार्क्स शामिल) का उपयोग करती हो; जो हमारे द्वारा समर्थन अथवा हमसे संबद्धता का असत्य गर्भित अर्थ रखती हो; या जो कानून के अंतर्गत किसी कॉपीराइट, ट्रेडमार्क, सार्वजनिकता या निजता के अधिकार या किसी अन्य स्वामित्वाधीन अधिकार का अतिक्रमण या उल्लंघन करती हो।
निषिद्ध उपयोग में शामिल हैं 8. ओर्ब ऑपरेटर्स
हम स्थानीय स्वतंत्र ठेकेदारों के साथ साझेदारी करते हैं जिन्हें "ओर्ब ऑपरेटर्स" कहा जाता है; वे उपयोगकर्ता साइनअप की सुविधा प्रदान करते हैं और हमारे बारे में आपके सवालों के जवाब देने में मदद करते हैं। इन ओर्ब ऑपरेटरों ने प्रशिक्षण प्राप्त किया है और Worldcoin के बारे में जानकार हैं। हालांकि, वे जो कहते हैं या वे अपने आप से कैसे व्यवहार करते हैं, उस पर हमारा कोई नियंत्रण नहीं है और हम सभी उत्तरदायित्वों को अस्वीकार करते हैं। ओर्ब ऑपरेटर किसी भी तरह से हमारे एजेंट या कर्मचारी नहीं हैं। TFH द्वारा अपने उपयोगकर्ताओं के हित में किए गए किसी भी प्रयास, सुविधा, प्रक्रिया, नीति, मानक या अन्य प्रयासों से किसी ओर्ब ऑपरेटर के साथ रोज़गार या एजेंसी के संबंध का संकेत नहीं मिलता है। 
निलंबन
हम सेवाओं तक आपकी पहुँच को निलंबित और प्रतिबंधित कर सकते हैं: हमें चेहरे से संंबंधित मान्य सम्मन, अदालती आदेश, या सरकारी प्राधिकरण के बाध्यकारी आदेश की आवश्यकता है; निषिद्ध उपयोग के संबंध में सेवा का उपयोग करने के लिए हमें उचित रूप से संदेह है; आपके द्वारा सेवाओं का उपयोग करने का उपयोग किसी भी लंबित मुकदमेबाजी, जांच, या सरकारी कार्यवाही के अधीन है और/या हम आपकी गतिविधि से जुड़े कानूनी या नियामक गैर-अनुपालन के बढ़ते जोखिम को देखते हैं; हमारे सेवा भागीदार आपके उपयोग का समर्थन करने में असमर्थ हैं; आप कोई भी कार्रवाई करते हैं जिसे हम अपने नियंत्रणों को दरकिनार करते हुए समझते हैं।
प्रतिभूतियों या कमोडिटी हित की कोई पेशकश नहीं
सामग्री
सामग्री पर निर्भरता; सेवाओं में बदलाव। सेवाओं के माध्यम से हम आपको जो भी जानकारी व सामग्री ("सामग्री") प्रदान करते हैं वह सिर्फ़ और सिर्फ़ सामान्य जानकारी के प्रयोजनों से है, और हम उसकी शुद्धता, उपयोगिता या पूर्णता की गारंटी नहीं देते हैं। हमारी सामग्री पर आप जो भी निर्भरता/विश्वास रखते हैं वह आपके अपने जोख़िम पर है। सामग्री के कारण आपके द्वारा, या आप जिससे सामग्री साझा करते हैं उस किसी भी व्यक्ति के द्वारा, उठाए या नहीं उठाए गए किन्हीं भी कदमों के लिए हम पर कोई भी देनदारी या ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं है। सेवाओं पर या कहीं और पाए जाने वाले हमारी सेवाओं के उनके उपयोग का वर्णन करने वाले अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं के कथन उनके कथनों के हमारे समर्थन के रूप में नहीं देखे जाने चाहिएं यदि कथन इन शर्तों या हमारी सामग्री से असंगत हैं। हम समय-समय पर सामग्री को अपडेट कर सकते हैं, पर हो सकता है कि उक्त सामग्री पूर्ण या अप-टू-डेट न हो, और हम सामग्री या सेवाओं के किसी भी अन्य भाग को अपडेट करने के लिए आपके प्रति किसी भी प्रकार से बाध्य नहीं हैं। हम आपको अग्रिम सूचना दिए बिना सामग्री या सेवाओं के किसी भी अंश या संपूर्णांश को, अस्थायी या स्थायी रूप से, संशोधित कर सकते हैं या रोक सकते हैं। हम सामग्री या सेवाओं के किसी भी अंश या संपूर्णांश के किसी भी संशोधन, निलंबन या उसे रोके जाने के लिए देनदार नहीं होंगे।
तृतीय पक्ष सेवाएं और सामग्री। हम सोशल मीडिया प्लेटफ़ॉर्म्स पर उपस्थित ऐसी शैक्षिक सामग्री, वेबिनार्स, पूर्व-निर्धारित मुलाकातों और प्रचार-प्रसार गतिविधियों ("तृतीय-पक्ष सेवाएं") के लिंक्स प्रदान कर सकते हैं जो उपयोगकर्ताओं एवं अन्य तृतीय पक्षों के बीच साझाकरण और सहयोग को संभव बनाते हैं। यदि आप उन सेवाओं पर कोई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी, चित्र, राय, सामग्री या कोई अन्य डेटा साझा करते हैं, तो आप ऐसा स्वयं के जोख़िम पर करते हैं, और आपके द्वारा उन सेवाओं का उपयोग उन सेवाओं के उपयोग के नियमों तथा निजता नीतियों के अधीन है, न कि हमारे नियमों व नीतियों के। आपको अपने अधिकारों को, तथा वे प्लेटफ़ॉर्म्स जिस ढंग से आपके डेटा का उपयोग करते हैं उस ढंग को बेहतर ढंग से समझने के लिए हर तृतीय-पक्ष सेवा के सेवाओं के नियम ध्यान से पढ़ने चाहिए। हम किसी भी तृतीय-पक्ष सेवा के संबंध में आपके डेटा की किसी भी हानि, चोरी, क्षति, या दुरुपयोग (लापरवाही शामिल) के लिए उस सीमा तक को छोड़कर ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं जिस सीमा तक ऐसी देनदारी को लागू कानून के अंतर्गत सीमाबंधित नहीं किया जा सकता है। आपके द्वारा किसी भी तृतीय-पक्ष सेवा द्वारा प्रदत्त किसी भी जानकारी ("तृतीय-पक्ष सामग्री") का उपयोग स्वयं आपके जोख़िम पर है, और हम ऐसा कोई वचन नहीं देते कि कोई तृतीय-पक्ष सामग्री सही है, पूर्ण है, प्रामाणिक है, या आपकी व्यक्तिगत परिस्थितियों के लिए उपयुक्त है। तृतीय-पक्ष सामग्री में अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं द्वारा प्रदत्त ऐसी जानकारी शामिल है जो हमारे द्वारा विशिष्ट रूप से समर्थित नहीं है।
उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री. Worldcoin समुदाय का एक सदस्य होने के नाते, आप संदेश, डेटा, सॉफ़्टवेयर, चित्र, वीडियो, या अन्य सामग्री ("उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री") को संदेश बोर्ड्स ब्लॉग्स, हमारे स्वामित्व वाले सोशल मीडिया खातों के साथ-साथ सेवाओं पर सार्वजनिक रूप से उपलब्ध विभिन्न स्थानों पर पोस्ट कर सकते हैं। ये फ़ोरम हमारे द्वारा या हमारी ओर से हमारे किसी तृतीय-पक्ष सेवा प्रदाता द्वारा होस्ट किए जा सकते हैं। आप सेवाओं के माध्यम से जो भी सामग्री जमा, अपलोड, पोस्ट या भंडारित करते हैं उस समस्त सामग्री के लिए आप ज़िम्मेदार हैं। आपको अपनी उपयोक्ता सामग्री के संबंध में समस्त आवश्यक एवं उपयुक्त चेतावनियां, जानकारी और प्रकटन प्रदान करने होंगे। आपके द्वारा सेवाओं के माध्यम से जमा की गई किसी भी उपयोक्ता सामग्री के लिए हम ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं।
उपयोक्ता सामग्री लाइसेंस। हमें उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री देने के द्वारा, आप यह अभिवेदन करते हैं कि आपके पास उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री के समस्त आवश्यक अधिकार हैं और आप हमें हमारी मार्केटिंग और प्रचार-प्रसार के संबंध में, और सेवाओं से संबंधित किसी भी अन्य वैध व्यावसायिक प्रयोजन के लिए, संपूर्ण उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री या उसके किसी भी अंश का उपयोग करने, प्रतियां बनाने या वितरण करने, उससे व्युत्पन्नी कार्य तैयार करने, उसे संशोधित करने, प्रदर्शित करने और निष्पादित करने का एक शाश्वत, विश्वव्यापी, अविशिष्ट, रॉयल्टी-मुक्त, उप-लाइसेंस योग्य और हस्तांतरणीय लाइसेंस प्रदान करते हैं। हम आपकी संपूर्ण उपयोक्ता सामग्री या उसके किसी अंश का और उसके व्युत्पन्नी कार्यों का किसी भी मीडिया प्रारूप में और हमारे द्वारा चुने गए किन्हीं भी मीडिया मार्गों (चैनल्स) के माध्यम से पुनर्वितरण कर सकते हैं। आप एतद्द्वारा हमें और अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं को सेवाओं के माध्यम से अपनी उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री का उपयोग करने, उस तक पहुँचने, उसकी प्रतियां बनाने, वितरित करने, संशोधित करने और प्रदर्शित करने और निष्पादित करने के लिए एक अविशिष्ट लाइसेंस प्रदान करते हैं।
उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री प्रतिबंध। आप ऐसी किसी भी उपयोगकर्ता सामग्री को पोस्ट या प्रसारित करने हेतु सेवाओं का उपयोग नहीं करने, और किसी भी तृतीय-पक्ष को उपयोग की अनुमति नहीं देने पर सहमत हैं: जो निंदात्मक या मानहानिकारक है, या जो किसी व्यक्ति से संबंधित निजी या व्यक्तिगत मामलों का खुलासा करती है; जो अभद्र, अश्लील, अश्लील सामग्री से युक्त, उत्पीड़क, डराने-धमकाने वाली, दुर्व्यवहारी, घृणापूर्ण, नस्ली या नृजातीय रूप से आपत्तिजनक है; जो दंडनीय अपराध माने जाने वाले, नागरिक देयता उत्पन्न करने वाले या किसी कानून का उल्लंघन करने वाले आचरण को प्रोत्साहित करती है, या जो अन्यथा अनुपयुक्त है; जो दूसरों के बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों का उल्लंघन करती है, इसमें अनधिकृत कॉपीराइट-अधीन पाठ्य, चित्र या प्रोग्राम, व्यापारिक रहस्य या अन्य गोपनीय स्वामित्वाधीन जानकारी, या ट्रेडमार्क अथवा सर्विस मार्क का अतिक्रमणकारी ढंग से उपयोग शामिल है; या किसी अन्य उपयोगकर्ता द्वारा सेवाओं के उपयोग में हस्तक्षेप करता है। आप हमसे यह अभिवेदन करते हैं कि आप सेवाओं पर उपयोक्ता सामग्री स्वेच्छा से पोस्ट कर रहे हैं, और यह कि उपयोक्ता सामग्री पोस्ट करने से आपके और हमारे बीच किसी नियोक्ता-कर्मचारी संबंध की रचना नहीं होती है। आप अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं के ईमेल पतों, मोबाइल फोन नंबरों, खाता शेष, उपयोक्तानामों या उनसे संबंधित किसी भी अन्य व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को, उनकी अनुमति के बिना, प्रयोग या कॉपी नहीं कर सकते हैं। सेवाओं के माध्यम से या किन्हीं भी अन्य मार्गों (चैनल्स) में अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं को अनचाही ईमेल्स, डाक, टेलीफोन कॉल, या अन्य संचार का प्रेषण निषिद्ध है।
शिकायतें एवं DMCA टेकडाउन। यदि आपका मानना है कि सेवाओं में मौजूद हमारी सामग्री या उपयोक्ता सामग्री के द्वारा आपके ट्रेडमार्क या कॉपीराइट-अधीन कार्य का अतिक्रमण हुआ है या अन्यथा उसे इस तरह से प्रकाशित किया जा रहा है जिससे हमारे समर्थन या हमसे संबद्धता का कोई संकेत मिलता है, तो कृपया legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर विषय वाक्य में "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (जो भी मामला हो वह) लिखकर ईमेल भेजें। आपकी शिकायत प्रभावी हो और हम डिजिटल मिलेनियम कॉपीराइट एक्ट ("DMCA") के अंतर्गत कार्रवाई कर सकें इसके लिए आपको अपनी ईमेल में निम्नलिखित जानकारी शामिल करके DMCA की समस्त आवश्यकताओं का पालन करना होगा उस कॉपीराइट-अधीन कार्य या मार्क की स्पष्ट पहचान जिसके अतिक्रमण का दावा किया गया है, इसमें, यदि कार्य पंजीकृत है तो, कॉपीराइट पंजीकरण संख्या शामिल है.
शिकायतें एवं DMCA टेकडाउन। यदि आपका मानना है कि सेवाओं में मौजूद हमारी सामग्री या उपयोक्ता सामग्री के द्वारा आपके ट्रेडमार्क या कॉपीराइट-अधीन कार्य का अतिक्रमण हुआ है या अन्यथा उसे इस तरह से प्रकाशित किया जा रहा है जिससे हमारे समर्थन या हमसे संबद्धता का कोई संकेत मिलता है, तो कृपया legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर विषय वाक्य में "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (जो भी मामला हो वह) लिखकर ईमेल भेजें। आपकी शिकायत प्रभावी हो और हम डिजिटल मिलेनियम कॉपीराइट एक्ट ("DMCA") के अंतर्गत कार्रवाई कर सकें इसके लिए आपको अपनी ईमेल में निम्नलिखित जानकारी शामिल करके DMCA की समस्त आवश्यकताओं का पालन करना होगा उस कार्य या मार्क की पहचान जो आपके दावे के अनुसार अतिक्रमणकारी है और जिसे आप हटवाना चाहते हैं.
शिकायतें एवं DMCA टेकडाउन। यदि आपका मानना है कि सेवाओं में मौजूद हमारी सामग्री या उपयोक्ता सामग्री के द्वारा आपके ट्रेडमार्क या कॉपीराइट-अधीन कार्य का अतिक्रमण हुआ है या अन्यथा उसे इस तरह से प्रकाशित किया जा रहा है जिससे हमारे समर्थन या हमसे संबद्धता का कोई संकेत मिलता है, तो कृपया legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर विषय वाक्य में "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (जो भी मामला हो वह) लिखकर ईमेल भेजें। आपकी शिकायत प्रभावी हो और हम डिजिटल मिलेनियम कॉपीराइट एक्ट ("DMCA") के अंतर्गत कार्रवाई कर सकें इसके लिए आपको अपनी ईमेल में निम्नलिखित जानकारी शामिल करके DMCA की समस्त आवश्यकताओं का पालन करना होगा हमें कथित अतिक्रमणकारी सामग्री का स्थान पता करने में सक्षम बनाने वाला URL या अन्य स्पष्ट निर्देश.
शिकायतें एवं DMCA टेकडाउन। यदि आपका मानना है कि सेवाओं में मौजूद हमारी सामग्री या उपयोक्ता सामग्री के द्वारा आपके ट्रेडमार्क या कॉपीराइट-अधीन कार्य का अतिक्रमण हुआ है या अन्यथा उसे इस तरह से प्रकाशित किया जा रहा है जिससे हमारे समर्थन या हमसे संबद्धता का कोई संकेत मिलता है, तो कृपया legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर विषय वाक्य में "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (जो भी मामला हो वह) लिखकर ईमेल भेजें। आपकी शिकायत प्रभावी हो और हम डिजिटल मिलेनियम कॉपीराइट एक्ट ("DMCA") के अंतर्गत कार्रवाई कर सकें इसके लिए आपको अपनी ईमेल में निम्नलिखित जानकारी शामिल करके DMCA की समस्त आवश्यकताओं का पालन करना होगा आपका ईमेल पता, डाक का पता, और टेलीफोन नंबर; और
शिकायतें एवं DMCA टेकडाउन। यदि आपका मानना है कि सेवाओं में मौजूद हमारी सामग्री या उपयोक्ता सामग्री के द्वारा आपके ट्रेडमार्क या कॉपीराइट-अधीन कार्य का अतिक्रमण हुआ है या अन्यथा उसे इस तरह से प्रकाशित किया जा रहा है जिससे हमारे समर्थन या हमसे संबद्धता का कोई संकेत मिलता है, तो कृपया legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर विषय वाक्य में "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint" (जो भी मामला हो वह) लिखकर ईमेल भेजें। आपकी शिकायत प्रभावी हो और हम डिजिटल मिलेनियम कॉपीराइट एक्ट ("DMCA") के अंतर्गत कार्रवाई कर सकें इसके लिए आपको अपनी ईमेल में निम्नलिखित जानकारी शामिल करके DMCA की समस्त आवश्यकताओं का पालन करना होगा एक हस्ताक्षरित वक्तव्य कि आपको सदाशय से यह विश्वास है कि सामग्री अतिक्रमणकारी है, यह कि आप जो जानकारी दे रहे हैं वह सही है, और यह कि आप सामग्री के स्वामी हैं या सामग्री के स्वामी का प्रतिनिधित्व करने के लिए अधिकृत हैं।
आपको यह भी पता होना चाहिए कि DMCA की धारा 512(f) के अंतर्गत, जो भी व्यक्ति अतिक्रमण की गुणहीन सूचनाएं जान-बूझकर भेजता है वह क्षतियों के लिए देनदार हो सकता है, इसलिए कृपया कोई झूठा दावा न करें। आप हमें जो भी जानकारी या पत्रादि प्रदान करते हैं उन्हें हम तृतीय-पक्षों से साझा कर सकते हैं, इसमें वह व्यक्ति शामिल है जिसने कथित अवहेलना करने वाली सामग्री सेवा पर अपलोड की थी।
जब हमें कोई प्रामाणिक अतिक्रमण सूचना मिलती है तो हमारी नीति यह करने की है: अतिक्रमणकारी सामग्री को तुरंत हटा देना या उसकी पहुँच अक्षम कर देना; अतिक्रमणकारी सामग्री को अपलोड करने वाले व्यक्ति को सूचित करना कि हमने सामग्री को हटा दिया है या उसकी पहुँच अक्षम कर दी है; और बारंबार अपराध करने वालों के मामले में, व्यक्ति की सेवाओं की पहुँच समाप्त कर देना। यदि हमें उक्त व्यक्ति से प्रति-सूचना (काउंटर-नोटिस) मिलती है, तो हम इस स्पष्टीकरण के साथ आपको उक्त प्रति-सूचना की एक प्रति भेज सकते हैं कि हम 10 कार्य दिवसों के अंदर, हटाई गई सामग्री को सेवाओं में बहाल कर सकते हैं या उसे अक्षम करना रोक सकते हैं। जब तक कि आप हमारे विरुद्ध या सामग्री अपलोड करने वाले व्यक्ति के विरुद्ध न्यायालय आदेश की मांग करने वाला कोई मुकदमा दायर नहीं करते, हम हमारे विवेकाधीन, प्रति-सूचना प्राप्त होने के 10 से 14 कार्य दिवसों बाद या इससे अधिक समय बाद, हटाई गई सामग्री की एक्सेस बहाल कर देंगे।
वारंटियों का अस्वीकरण 
आपके द्वारा सेवाओं का उपयोग, आपके अपने जोख़िम पर है। सेवाएं, WLD, सामग्री और अन्य समस्त IP "जैसा है" और "जैसा उपलब्ध है" आधार पर तथा किसी भी सुव्यक्त, गर्भित या सांविधिक अभिवेदन अथवा आश्वस्ति के बिना प्रदान किए गए हैं। लागू कानून द्वारा अनुमन्य अधिकतम सीमा तक, हम सेवाओं में मौजूद सुविधाओं, सामग्री या अन्य IP के संबंध में स्वत्वाधिकार, व्यापारिकता, किसी प्रयोजन विशिष्ट हेतु उपयुक्तता, या गैर-अतिक्रमण की समस्त गर्भित आश्वस्तियां विशिष्ट रूप से अस्वीकार करते हैं। कुछ न्यायक्षेत्र निहित वारंटियों के अपवर्जन की अनुमति नहीं देते हैं, और इसलिए उपरोक्त अपवर्जन शायद आप पर लागू न हों। हम तृतीय पक्षों, जिनमें सेवाओं से संबंध रखने वाले अन्य उपयोगकर्ता शामिल हैं, के द्वारा दिए गए किसी भी विज्ञापन, पेशकश या वक्तव्य का समर्थन नहीं करते हैं, की गारंटी नहीं देते हैं या की ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं लेते हैं।
हम ऐसा कोई अभिवेदन नहीं करते या आश्वस्ति नहीं देते हैं कि समस्त सेवाओं या उनके अंश की पहुँच निरंतर, अबाधित, समयबद्ध, सुरक्षित या त्रुटिमुक्त होगी; यह कि सेवाएं या सामग्री सही, पूर्ण, विश्वसनीय या वर्तमान हैं; यह कि सेवाएं वायरस या अन्य हानिकारक घटकों से मुक्त हैं; या यह कि सेवाएं या सामग्री आपकी आवश्यकताओं, ज़रूरतों या अपेक्षाओं को पूरा करेंगी।
साथ ही, हम किसी भी उपयोग के मामले के लिए ऐसा कोई अभिवेदन नहीं करते या ऐसी कोई आश्वस्ति नहीं देते कि सेवाएं या WLD वैध हैं, या यह कि सेवाएं या WLD किन्हीं भी नियामक या अनुपालन आवश्यकताओं को पूरा करेंगी। आपके द्वारा सेवाओं या WLD के उपयोग को नियंत्रित कर सकने वाले समस्त कानूनी और नियामक प्रतिबंधों तथा आवश्यकताओं को निर्धारित करना और उनका अनुपालन करना एकमात्र आप ही की ज़िम्मेदारी है। इन शर्तों में वर्णित सुव्यक्त वक्तव्यों को छोड़कर, आप एतद्द्वारा यह अभिस्वीकृति और सहमति देते हैं कि आपके द्वारा सेवाओं या WLD की पहुँच और उपयोग के संबंध में आप किसी भी अन्य वक्तव्य या समझ, चाहे लिखित हो या मौखिक, पर निर्भर नहीं हुए हैं।
किसी भी वित्तीय, कानूनी, निवेश संबंधी या कर संबंधी मामले के संबंध में हम न तो आपके सलाहकार के रूप में कार्य कर रहे हैं और न कर सकते हैं। जो भी सामग्री है वह उस पर इंगित दिनांक तक वर्तमान है। यहां जो भी पूर्वानुमान, आकलन, अनुमान, लक्ष्य और/या मत व्यक्त किए गए हैं वे जोखिमों, अनिश्चितताओं, और धारणाओं के अधीन हैं और इसलिए वे गलत हो सकते हैं और अग्रिम सूचना के बिना बदले जा सकते हैं। किसी भी सामग्री पर निर्भर नहीं किया जाना चाहिए। 
हम सेवाओं के किसी भी संशोधन या समाप्ति, या सेवाओं तक आपकी पहुँच के निलंबन या समाप्ति के लिए आपके या किसी तीसरे पक्ष के प्रति उत्तरदायी नहीं हैं। 
दायित्व की सीमा
जहां ऐसा करना अवैध होगा, हम आपके लिए अपनी देयता को बाहर या सीमित नहीं करते हैं। उन देशों में जहां निम्न प्रकार के बहिष्करणों की अनुमति नहीं है, हम आपके लिए केवल उन नुकसानों और क्षतियों के लिए ज़िम्मेदार हैं जो उचित देखभाल और कौशल का उपयोग करने में हमारी विफलता या आपके साथ हमारे अनुबंध के उल्लंघन का एक उचित परिणाम है। यह अनुच्छेद उपभोक्ता अधिकारों को प्रभावित नहीं करता है जिन्हें किसी अनुबंध या समझौते द्वारा माफ या सीमित नहीं किया जा सकता है।
कानून की अनुमत सीमा तक, आप सहमत हैं कि किसी भी परिस्थिति में हम या हमारा कोई भी अधिकारी, निदेशक, कर्मचारी, ठेकेदार, अभिकर्ता, संबद्ध या अनुषंगी ("TFH पक्ष"), किसी भी अप्रत्यक्ष, दंडात्मक, प्रासंगिक, विशेष, परिणामी या उदाहरणात्मक क्षतियों, जिनमें मुनाफ़े, साख, उपयोग, डेटा या अन्य अमूर्त संपत्ति की हानि शामिल है, के लिए आपके प्रति देनदार नहीं होंगे, भले ही उक्त देनदारी का दावा अपकृत्य के आधार पर किया जाए या अन्यथा, और भले ही TFH पक्षों को निम्नलिखित से या के संबंध में उत्पन्न होने वाली उक्त क्षतियों की संभावना के बारे में सूचित किया गया हो या नहीं: आपके द्वारा सेवाओं, आपकी समर्थित मुद्राओं, या Worldcoin नेटवर्क का उपयोग या का उपयोग करने में आपकी असमर्थता; सेवाओं की अगमता (पहुँच योग्य न होना) या उनका समापन; किसी संव्यवहार या आपके डेटा की कोई हैकिंग, उससे छेड़छाड़, उसकी अनधिकृत पहुँच या उसमें बदलाव; सेवाओं के माध्यम से किसी तृतीय पक्ष के साथ आपके द्वारा किया गया कोई संव्यवहार या करार; तृतीय पक्षों की कोई गतिविधियां या संचार; किसी समर्थित मुद्रा के मूल्य की कोई हानि; सेवाओं पर या उनके माध्यम से पहुँच की गई कोई तृतीय-पक्ष सामग्री; हमारी सामग्री में मौजूद त्रुटियां, ग़लतियां या अशुद्धताएं; सेवाओं की किसी पहुँच या उनके किसी उपयोग से उत्पन्न व्यक्तिगत चोट या संपत्ति को क्षति, चाहे किसी भी प्रकार की कैसी भी प्रकृति की हो; सेवाओं को या उनके माध्यम से संप्रेषित हो सकने वाले वायरस, ट्रोजन हॉर्स या ऐसी ही अन्य चीजें; या किसी तृतीय पक्ष का मानहानिकारक, आपत्तिजनक या गैरकानूनी आचरण; अथवा किसी तीसरे पक्ष का मानहानिकारक, आक्रामक या अवैध आचरण। किसी भी सीमित उपाय के मूल प्रयोजन की विफलता के बावजूद, तथा कानून द्वारा अनुमन्य पूर्णतम सीमा तक, दायित्व का यह सीमाबंधन लागू रहेगा चाहे क्षतियां TFH या सेवाओं के उपयोग या ग़लत उपयोग से उत्पन्न हों या उस पर निर्भरता से।
किसी भी परिस्थिति में TFH पक्ष $100.00 से अधिक राशि के किसी भी प्रत्यक्ष दावे, कार्यवाही, देनदारी, दायित्व, क्षतियों, हानियों या लागतों के लिए आपके प्रति देनदार नहीं होंगे। यदि आप सेवाओं से असंतुष्ट हैं, तो आप सहमत हैं कि आपके द्वारा सेवाओं का उपयोग रोक दिया जाना ही आपका एकमात्र एवं अनन्य उपाय होगा। दायित्व का यह सीमाबंधन लागू कानून द्वारा अनुमन्य अधिकतम सीमा तक लागू होगा। 
मोचन और क्षतिपूर्ति। आप निम्नलिखित से उत्पन्न या उससे संबंधित, और किसी तृतीय-पक्ष द्वारा किसी TFH पक्ष के विरुद्ध दायर किए गए किन्हीं भी दावों, क्षतियों, लागतों, देनदारियों, उचित अधिवक्ता शुल्कों और व्ययों से निम्न के विरुद्ध TFH पक्षों का बचाव करने, उन्हें क्षतिपूर्ति देने और उन्हें निर्दोष ठहराने पर सहमत हैं: आपके द्वारा सेवाओं का उपयोग; आपके द्वारा इस इन शर्तों का उल्लंघन; आपके द्वारा किसी अन्य व्यक्ति के किन्हीं भी अधिकारों का उल्लंघन; सेवाओं के सिलसिले में आपका आचरण; या आपके द्वारा WLD, किसी डिजिटल टोकन या Worldcoin नेटवर्क का उपयोग। कुछ अधिकार-क्षेत्र उपभोक्ता क्षतिपूर्तियों को सीमित करते हैं, इसलिए हो सकता है कि इस अनुच्छेद के कुछ या सभी क्षतिपूर्ति उपबंध आप पर लागू न हों। यदि आप किसी भी TFH पक्ष को क्षतिपूर्ति देने के लिए बाध्य हैं, तो हमारे पास, एकमात्र हमारे विवेकाधीन, किसी भी कार्रवाई या कार्यवाही को नियंत्रित करने का और सुलह करनी है या नहीं और किन नियमों पर करनी है यह तय करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित है।
यदि आप कैलिफ़ोर्निया के निवासी हैं, तो आप कैलिफ़ोर्निया सिविल कोड § 1542 को छोड़ देते हैं, जिसके अनुसार: "[a] सामान्य निर्मुक्ति में वे दावे शामिल नहीं होते हैं जिनकी लेनदार को निर्मुक्ति निष्पादित करते समय जानकारी नहीं है या अपने पक्ष में उनके होने का संदेह भी नहीं है, जिसकी उसे यदि जानकारी होती तो उसने देनदार के साथ उसके निपटारे को अवश्य ही काफी प्रभावित किया होता।"
अभिशासी कानून
विवाद समाधान, विवाचन और वर्गीय कार्रवाई का अधित्याग
कृपया निम्नलिखित अनुच्छेदों को ध्यानपूर्वक पढ़ें। वे आपके लिए हमसे हुए विवादों का निपटारा किसी वर्गीय कार्रवाई के एक सदस्य के रूप में नहीं बल्कि एक एकमात्र विवाचक के समक्ष वैयक्तिक विवाचन के माध्यम से करना आवश्यक करते हैं। विवाचन आपको किसी न्यायालय में हमारे विरुद्ध मुकदमा करने से या न्यायपीठ में मुकदमा करने से तब के सिवाय रोकते हैं जब आप, यदि आप योग्य होते हैं तो, लघु दावों के न्यायालय में हमारे विरुद्ध कोई विवाद दायर करें। 
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") विवाचन गोपनीय रूप से एकल विवाचक द्वारा संचालित की जाएगा। विवाचक, लागू परिसीमा और सभी लागू कानूनों को लागू करेगा और लागू कानून द्वारा मान्यता प्राप्त विशेषाधिकार के दावों का सम्मान करेगा।
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") यदि आप ईईए में रहते हैं, तो विवाद को पूरी तरह से और अंतिम रूपसे जर्मन आर्बिट्रेशन इंस्टीट्यूट (डीआईएस) द्वारा विवाचन के डीआईएस नियमों के अनुसार प्रशासित विवाचन द्वारा सुलझाया जाएगा। विवाचन बर्लिन, जर्मनी में होगा, बशर्ते आप और हम, दोनों ही इसे कहीं और संचालित करने पर सहमत न हों। आप सहमत हैं कि बर्लिन, जर्मनी की अदालतें, विवाचन पुरस्कार की किसी भी अपील के लिए या अदालती कार्यवाही के लिए उचित मंच हैं, अगर इस समझौते के बाध्यकारी मध्यस्थता खंड को अप्रवर्तनीय पाया जाता है।
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") यदि आप ईईए से बाहर रहते हैं, तो विवाद पूरी तरह से और अंत में JAMS द्वारा प्रशासित विवाचन द्वारा JAMS सुव्यवस्थित मध्यस्थता नियमों के अनुसार सुलझाया जाएगा, यदि विवाद की कुल राशि $ 250,000 या अधिक नहीं होती, जिस स्थिति में JAMS व्यापक मध्यस्थता नियम लागू होगी। विवाचन सेन फ़्रांसिस्को, कैलिफ़ोर्निया में होगा, बशर्ते आप और हम, दोनों ही इसे कहीं और संचालित करने पर सहमत न हों। आप सहमत हैं कि सैन फ़्रांसिस्को, कैलिफ़ोर्निया में संघीय और राज्य अदालतें मध्यस्थता पुरस्कार की किसी भी अपील के लिए या अदालती कार्यवाही के लिए उचित मंच हैं, यदि इस अनुबंध का बाध्यकारी मध्यस्थता खंड अप्रवर्तनीय पाया जाता है।
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") किसी भी विवाचन में, इसकी लोकेशन कोई भी हो, उभयपक्ष एक-दूसरे से अनिवार्य प्रकटीकरण (डिस्कवरी) की मांग नहीं करेंगे, और विवाचक उभयपक्षों को अनिवार्य प्रकटीकरण में संलग्न होने की अनुमति नहीं देगा; बल्कि, हर पक्ष अपनी-अपनी बात का समर्थन करने वाले साक्ष्य, अंतिम विवाचन सुनवाई से पहले, परस्पर सम्मति से तय किए जा सकने वाले समय और दिनांक पर प्रकट करेगा।
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") इस विवाचन करार में विवाचन करार की या विवाचन करार के किसी भी अंश की, और विवाचन करार की व्याख्या या अनुप्रयोज्यता से उत्पन्न या से संबंधित समस्त अन्य विवादों की प्रवर्तनीयता, प्रतिसंहरणीयता, दायरा या वैधता शामिल है; और उक्त समस्त मामलों का निर्णय विवाचक द्वारा किया जाएगा न कि किसी न्यायालय या न्यायाधीश द्वारा.
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") यदि विवाचक या विवाचन प्रशासक आप पर फ़ाइलिंग शुल्क या अन्य प्रशासनिक लागतें लगाता है, तो हम, अनुरोध किए जाने पर, उस सीमा तक आपको प्रतिपूर्ति देंगे जिस सीमा तक उक्त शुल्क या लागतें उन शुल्कों या लागतों से अधिक होतीं जो आपको किसी न्यायालय में कार्यवाही करने पर अन्यथा चुकानी पड़तीं। हम अतिरिक्त शुल्कों व लागतों का भी भुगतान करेंगे बशर्ते विवाचक प्रशासक के नियमों या लागू कानून द्वारा ऐसा किया जाना आवश्यक किया जाए.
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") दोनों में से किसी भी पक्ष के अनुरोध पर, समस्त विवाचन कार्यवाहियां परम गोपनीयता के साथ संचालित की जाएंगी और, ऐसे मामले में, सभी दस्तावेज़, गवाहियां, और रिकॉर्ड विवाचक द्वारा मोहरबंद गोपनीयता के साथ प्राप्त किए जाएंगे, सुने जाएंगे और अनुरक्षित रखे जाएंगे, वे केवल उभयपक्षों, उनके अपने-अपने वकीलों, और उनके अपने-अपने विशेषज्ञों, परामर्शदाताओं या गवाहों द्वारा निरीक्षण के लिए उपलब्ध होंगे और वह भी तब जब वे उक्त समस्त जानकारी को एकमात्र विवाचन के प्रयोजन हेतु प्रयोग के लिए एवं गोपनीय मानने पर अग्रिम में और लिखित में सहमति दे दें.
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") इस विवाचन करार में वर्णित वर्गीय कार्यविधियों और उपायों को छोड़कर, विवाचक के पास ऐसा कोई भी उपाय स्वीकृत करने का प्राधिकार है जो अन्यथा न्यायालय में उपलब्ध होता.
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") विवाचक द्वारा दिए गए निर्णय पर किसी भी निर्णय को सक्षम क्षेत्राधिकार के किसी भी न्यायालय में दर्ज किया जा सकता है।
हम समस्त संभावित विवादों को अनौपचारिक, सदाशयी समझौता वार्ताओं के माध्यम से हल करने की सर्वोत्तम संभव कोशिश करेंगे। यदि कोई संभावित विवाद उत्पन्न होता है, तो आपको legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com पर ईमेल भेज कर हमसे संपर्क करना चाहिए ताकि हम औपचारिक विवाद समाधान का सहारा लिए बिना उसका समाधान कर सकें। यदि हम, आपके ईमेल के 60 दिनों के अंदर किसी अनौपचारिक समाधान तक नहीं पहुँच पाते हैं, और आप कोई संघीय या राज्य सांविधिक दावा; आम कानूनी दावा; अनुबंध, अपकृत्य, धोखाधड़ी, ग़लतबयानी या किसी अन्य कानूनी सिद्धांत में आधारित दावा; या इन शर्तों, सामग्री या सेवाओं से उत्पन्न या संबंधित कोई अन्य औपचारिक कार्यवाही (प्रत्येक, एक "विवाद") करने का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आप उस विवाद का समाधान बाध्यकारी विवाचन के माध्यम से, निम्नलिखित नियमों के अनुसार वैयक्तिक आधार पर करने को सहमत हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "विवाचन करार") यदि इस विवाचन करार में निहित तृतीय पक्षों की ओर से दायर वर्गीय कार्रवाइयों और अन्य विवादों का विवाचन करने या उन्हें निषिद्ध करने की आवश्यकता अप्रवर्तनीय पाई जाती है तो केवल तब ही यह माना जाएगा कि अप्रवर्तनीय उपबंध इन शर्तों से हटा लिए गए हैं और इन शर्तों में मौजूद अन्य सभी शेष दायित्व पूर्ण मान्यता और प्रभाव से जारी रहेंगे।
चयन रद्दीकरण का 30-दिन का अधिकार। आपके पास निम्नलिखित विषय वाक्य के साथ, जिस ईमेल पते का उपयोग आपने अपना खाता बनाने में किया था उस ईमेल पते से एक ईमेल भेज कर, अपना चयन रद्द करने और इस विवाचन करार से बाध्य नहीं होने का अधिकार है: "विवाचन एवं वर्गीय कार्रवाई अधित्याग चयन-रद्दीकरण। आपको अपनी ईमेल, इन शर्तों के नियमों पर सहमति देने के 30 दिनों के अंदर भेजनी होगी, अन्यथा आप इस विवाचन करार के नियमों के अनुसरण में विवादों का विवाचन करने पर बाध्य होंगे। यदि आप इस विवाचन करार का चयन रद्द करते हैं, तो हम भी विवाचन करार से बाध्य नहीं होंगे।
इस विवाचन करार में बदलाव। हम इस करार के "विवाद समाधान, विवाचन और वर्गीय कार्रवाई का अधित्याग" नामक अनुभाग में होने वाले किसी भी बदलाव के लिए आपको सूचना भेजने के द्वारा 30 दिनों का नोटिस देंगे, और आपको हमारी ओर से सूचना मिल जाने के 30 दिनों बाद बदलाव प्रभावी हो जाएंगे। विवाद समाधान, विवाचन और वर्गीय कार्रवाई का अधित्याग नामक अनुभाग में किए गए बदलाव, उत्तरव्यापी प्रभाव से केवल उन विवादों पर अन्यथा लागू होंगे जो 30वें दिन उत्पन्न होते हैं। यदि कोई न्यायालय या विवाचक यह निर्णय करता है कि इस अनुभाग में किए गए बदलाव प्रवर्तनीय या मान्य नहीं हैं, तो उन बदलावों को इन शर्तों से पृथक कर दिया जाएगा और न्यायालय या विवाचक उस पहले विवाचन करार के नियमों को लागू करेगा जो आपके द्वारा सेवाओं का उपयोग आरंभ करने के बाद प्रभावी था। आप उपर्युक्त "चयन रद्दीकरण का 30-दिन का अधिकार" नामक अनुभाग में वर्णित कार्यविधियों का पालन करके नए विवाचन करार नियमों का चयन रद्द करने के अपने अधिकार का उपयोग कर सकते हैं।
सामान्य प्रावधान
कोई छूट नहीं; पृथक्करणीयता; गैर-आवंटन। किसी प्रावधान को लागू करने में हमारी विफलता बाद में ऐसा करने के हमारे अधिकार का अधित्याग नहीं है। यदि कोई प्रावधान अप्रवर्तनीय पाया जाता है, तो इन शर्तों के शेष प्रावधान पूर्ण प्रभाव में रहेंगे और हमारे इरादे को यथासंभव निकट से दर्शाते हुए एक लागू करने योग्य नियम को प्रतिस्थापित किया जाएगा। हो सकता है कि आप इन शर्तों के तहत अपना कोई अधिकार निर्दिष्ट न कर सकें, और ऐसा कोई भी प्रयास अमान्य होगा। हम हमारे किसी भी सहयोगी या सहायक कंपनी या सेवाओं से जुड़े किसी भी व्यवसाय के हित में किसी भी उत्तराधिकारी को हमारे अधिकार समनुदेशित कर सकते हैं।
संपूर्ण अनुबंध। ये शर्तें सेवाओं के संबंध में आपके और हमारे बीच के समझौते का पूर्ण और अनन्य विवरण बनाते हैं और यह सेवाओं से संबंधित सभी पूर्व और समसामयिक ज्ञान, समझौतों, अभ्यावेदन और वारंटी, लिखित और मौखिक दोनों का स्थान लेता है। इन शर्तों में अनुभाग शीर्षक केवल सुविधा के लिए हैं और किसी प्रावधान के अर्थ या व्याख्या को नियंत्रित नहीं करेगा।
उत्तरजीविता। निलंबन या समापन, TFH को देय ऋणों, सेवाओं के सामान्य उपयोग, TFH के साथ विवादों से संबंध रखने वाले इन शर्तों के सभी प्रावधान, और साथ-साथवे प्रावधान जो अपनी प्रकृति के द्वारा इन शर्तों की समय-समाप्ति या समापन के परे जारी रहते हैं, इन शर्तों के समापन या की समय-समाप्ति के बाद भी उत्तरजीवी रहेंगे।
पक्षों का संबंध। इन शर्तों में ऐसा कुछ भी नहीं है जो यह अर्थ रखता हो कि या यह अर्थ रखने के लिए उद्दिष्ट हो कि या जिसके कारण आपको और TFH को मुनाफ़े के लिए साझेदार, संयुक्त उपक्रम, या अन्यथा संयुक्त सहयोगी माना जाएगा या आपको या TFH को एक-दूसरे का अभिकर्ता माना जाएगा। इसमें यह तथ्य शामिल है कि इन शर्तों में कुछ भी आपके और TFH के बीच कोई रोजगार संबंध स्थापित नहीं करता या स्थापित करने का इरादा नहीं रखता है।
कोई पेशेवर सलाह या न्यासीय दायित्व नहीं। हमारे द्वारा प्रदत्त समस्त सामग्री केवल जानकारी के प्रयोजनों के लिए है और उसे पेशेवर सलाह नहीं माना जाना चाहिए। आपको सेवाओं में निहित किसी जानकारी के आधार पर कोई कदम नहीं उठाना चाहिए या उठाने से बचना नहीं चाहिए। इससे पहले कि आप सेवाओं या डिजिटल टोकनों को शामिल करने वाले कोई भी वित्तीय, कानूनी या अन्य निर्णय लें, आपको किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति से स्वतंत्र पेशेवर सलाह प्राप्त करनी चाहिए जो लाइसेंस-प्राप्त हो और उस क्षेत्र में अनुज्ञप्त एवं योग्य हो जिस क्षेत्र में उक्त सलाह उपयुक्त होगी। ये शर्तें हम पर किसी भी न्यासीय दायित्व की रचना या उसे लागू करने के लिए उद्दिष्ट नहीं है और न ही वह ऐसा करता है। कानून द्वारा अनुमन्य अधिकतम सीमा तक, आप अभिस्वीकृति देते हैं और सहमत हैं कि हम पर आपके या किसी अन्य पक्ष के प्रति कोई न्यासीय दायित्व या देनदारियां नहीं हैं, और यह कि जिस सीमा तक उक्त दायित्व या देनदारियां कानून में या न्याय में मौजूद हो सकती हों उस सीमा तक, उक्त दायित्वों और देनदारियों को एतद्द्वारा अप्रतिसंहरणीय रूप से अस्वीकृत, अधित्यक्त और समाप्त किया जाता है। आप आगे इस पर भी सहमत हैं कि हम पर आपके प्रति केवल वे दायित्व एवं बाध्यताएं हैं जो इस करार में सुव्यक्त रूप से वर्णित हैं।
नियंत्रण का बदलाव। यदि कोई तृतीय-पक्ष हमारा अधिग्रहण या विलय कर लेता है, या किसी संबद्ध या उत्तराधिकारी इकाई या अन्य इकाई को कुछ प्रकार्य सौंपता है जो हमारे निर्धारण के अनुसार उपयोगकर्ताओं के सर्वोत्तम हित में है, तो ऐसी दशा में हमारे पास, इनमें से किसी भी परिस्थिति में, हमारे द्वारा आपसे एकत्र किए गए डेटा को उक्त विलय, अधिग्रहण, विक्रय या नियंत्रण के अन्य बदलाव के भाग के रूप में, हस्तांतरित या समनुदेशित करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित है।
अपरिहार्य घटना। हम समर्थित मुद्राओं में बाज़ार के उल्लेखनीय उतार-चढ़ाव, किसी दैवी कृत्य, नागरिक (दीवानी) या सैन्य प्राधिकरणों के कृत्यों, आतंकवादियों के कृत्यों, नागरिक व्यवधानों, युद्ध, हड़ताल, स्वास्थ्य आपातकाल, श्रमिक विवाद, आग, दूरसंचार या इंटरनेट सेवाओं या नेटवर्क प्रदाता सेवाओं में व्यवधान, उपकरणों या सॉफ़्टवेयर की विफलता, या हमारे यथोचित नियंत्रण से बाहर के किसी कारण या स्थिति (प्रत्येक, एक "अपरिहार्य घटना") के प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष परिणामस्वरूप सेवा में होने वाले विलंबों या सेवा के निष्पादन में विफलता या बाधा के लिए हम देनदार नहीं होंगे। किसी अपरिहार्य घटना का घटित होना इन शर्तों के किसी भी शेष उपबंध की मान्यता और प्रवर्तनीयता को प्रभावित नहीं करेगा।
ऐप स्टोर। जहाँ से आप Google Play Store ("वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म") सहित, Apple ऐप स्टोर के अलावा किसी अन्य ऐप स्टोर या वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म से हमारा ऐप्स डाउनलोड करते हैं, आप सहमत होते हैं कि शर्तें आपके और हमारे बीच हैं, न कि वितरण प्लेटफॉर्म के प्रदाता ("स्टोर प्रदाता") के साथ.
ऐप स्टोर। जहाँ से आप Google Play Store ("वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म") सहित, Apple ऐप स्टोर के अलावा किसी अन्य ऐप स्टोर या वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म से हमारा ऐप्स डाउनलोड करते हैं, आप सहमत होते हैं कि आपके द्वारा ऐप्स का उपयोग स्टोर प्रदाता की तत्कालीन वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म सेवा की शर्तों के अनुपालन में होना चाहिए.
ऐप स्टोर। जहाँ से आप Google Play Store ("वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म") सहित, Apple ऐप स्टोर के अलावा किसी अन्य ऐप स्टोर या वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म से हमारा ऐप्स डाउनलोड करते हैं, आप सहमत होते हैं कि स्टोर प्रदाता केवल वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म का प्रदाता है जहाँ से आपने ऐप्स प्राप्त किए हैं.
ऐप स्टोर। जहाँ से आप Google Play Store ("वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म") सहित, Apple ऐप स्टोर के अलावा किसी अन्य ऐप स्टोर या वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म से हमारा ऐप्स डाउनलोड करते हैं, आप सहमत होते हैं कि हम ऐप्स के लिए पूरी तरह ज़िम्मेदार हैं, न कि स्टोर प्रदाता.
ऐप स्टोर। जहाँ से आप Google Play Store ("वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म") सहित, Apple ऐप स्टोर के अलावा किसी अन्य ऐप स्टोर या वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म से हमारा ऐप्स डाउनलोड करते हैं, आप सहमत होते हैं कि स्टोर प्रदाता का ऐप्स या शर्तों के संबंध में आपके प्रति कोई दायित्व या देयता नहीं है; और
ऐप स्टोर। जहाँ से आप Google Play Store ("वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म") सहित, Apple ऐप स्टोर के अलावा किसी अन्य ऐप स्टोर या वितरण प्लेटफ़ॉर्म से हमारा ऐप्स डाउनलोड करते हैं, आप सहमत होते हैं कि आप स्वीकार करते हैं और सहमत हैं कि स्टोर प्रदाता शर्तों के लिए एक तृतीय-पक्ष लाभार्थी है चूंकि यह ऐप्स से संबंधित है।
Apple ऐप स्टोर. यह अनुभाग तब लागू होता है जहां ऐप्स को Apple ऐप स्टोर से प्राप्त किया जाता है। आप स्वीकार करते हैं और सहमति देते हैं कि शर्तें पूरी तरह से आपके और हमारे बीच हैं, न कि Apple, Inc. ("Apple") के साथ, और यह कि Apple की ऐप्स या उसकी सामग्री के लिए कोई ज़िम्मेदारी नहीं है। आपके द्वारा ऐप्स का उपयोग ऐप स्टोर की सेवा की शर्तों के अनुपालन में होना चाहिए।
आप स्वीकार करते हैं कि ऐप्स के संबंध में किसी भी रखरखाव और समर्थन सेवाओं को प्रस्तुत करने के लिए Apple का कोई दायित्व नहीं है। किसी भी लागू वारंटी के अनुरूप ऐप्स की विफलता की स्थिति में, आप Apple को सूचित कर सकते हैं, और (जहां लागू हो) Apple आपको ऐप्स के लिए खरीद मूल्य वापस कर देगा; लागू कानून द्वारा अनुमत अधिकतम सीमा तक, ऐप्स के संबंध में Apple का कोई अन्य वारंटी दायित्व नहीं होगा, और किसी भी वारंटी का पालन में विफलता के कारण होने वाले किसी भी अन्य दावे, हानि, देनदारियों, क्षतियों, लागतों या खर्चों को ऐप के प्रदाता के रूप में हम पर लागू शर्तों और किसी भी कानून द्वारा पूरी तरह से नियंत्रित किया जाएगा।
आप स्वीकार करते हैं कि Apple ऐप्स या ऐप्स पर आपके कब्जे और/या उपयोग से संबंधित आपके या किसी तीसरे पक्ष के किसी भी दावे को संबोधित करने के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं है, जिसमें निम्न शामिल है, लेकिन इन तक सीमित नहीं है: उत्पाद देयता दावे; कोई भी दावा कि ऐप किसी भी लागू कानूनी या नियामक आवश्यकता के अनुरूप नहीं है; और उपभोक्ता संरक्षण या इसी तरह के कानून के तहत उत्पन्न होने वाले दावे; और ऐसे सभी दावे पूरी तरह से शर्तों और सॉफ़्टवेयर प्रदाता के रूप में हम पर लागू किसी भी कानून द्वारा शासित होते हैं।
आप मानते हैं कि, किसी तीसरे पक्ष के दावे की स्थिति में कि ऐप्स या उस ऐप्स का आपका अधिकार और उपयोग तीसरे पक्ष के बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों का उल्लंघन करता है, तो Apple नहीं बल्कि TFH ऐसी किसी भी संपत्ति के उल्लंघन के दावे की शर्तों द्वारा आवश्यक सीमा तक, ऐसे किसी भी बौद्धिक संपदा की जांच, रक्षा, निपटान और निर्वहन के लिए पूरी तरह ज़िम्मेदार होगा।
आप प्रतिनिधित्व करते हैं और गारंटी देते हैं कि आप ऐसे देश में नहीं हैं जो यू.एस. सरकार के प्रतिबंध के अधीन है, या जिसे यू.एस. सरकार द्वारा "आतंकवादी समर्थन" देश के रूप में नामित किया गया है; और आप प्रतिबंधित या प्रतिबंधित पार्टियों की किसी यू.एस. सरकार की सूची में सूचीबद्ध नहीं हैं।
आप और TFH स्वीकार करते हैं और सहमत हैं कि Apple और Apple की सहायक कंपनियां, ऐप्स के आपके लाइसेंस से संबंधित सेवा की शर्तों के तीसरे पक्ष के लाभार्थी हैं, और यह कि, सेवा की शर्तों के नियमों और शर्तों को स्वीकार करने पर, Apple को तीसरे पक्ष के लाभार्थी के रूप में आपके खिलाफ ऐप्स के आपके लाइसेंस से संबंधित सेवा की शर्तों को लागू करने का अधिकार होगा (और माना जाएगा कि अधिकार स्वीकार कर लिया गया है)।
व्यथा निवारण। हमने भारत के लिए एक व्यथा अधिकारी नियुक्त किया है जिसका विवरण नीचे है। कृपया ध्यान दें कि भारत के सूचना प्रौद्योगिकी (मध्यस्थ दिशानिर्देश एवं डिजिटल मीडिया नैतिकता संहिता) नियम, 2021 के अनुसार, केवल भारत में मौजूद उपयोगकर्ताओं को ही व्यथा अधिकारी से संपर्क करना चाहिए। अतिरिक्त उपयोगकर्ता सत्यापन का अनुरोध किया जा सकता है।
ईमेल ID: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Syarat dan Ketentuan Pengguna Tools For Humanity
Selamat datang di komunitas Worldcoin! Worldcoin adalah protokol sumber terbuka, yang didukung oleh komunitas pengembang, individu, dan kontributor global lainnya. Tools for Humanity adalah perusahaan pengembangan perangkat lunak dan perangkat keras global yang membangun alat bantu untuk menghadirkan teknologi serta produk blockchain dan identitas digital kepada miliaran orang, termasuk dengan berkontribusi terhadap pengembangan dan pertumbuhan ekosistem Worldcoin. 
Ketentuan ini antara Anda dan Tools for Humanity Corporation, perusahaan Delaware (secara bersama-sama dengan afiliasi kami disebut "TFH", "kami", atau "kita") mengatur penggunaan dan akses Anda ke situs web dan aplikasi kami, termasuk Aplikasi Wordcoin dan Aplikasi Operator (secara kolektif, "Aplikasi"), serta semua fungsi, konten, dan layanan terkait yang kami sediakan kepada Anda (secara bersama-sama disebut "Layanan") sehubungan dengan protokol Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Harap baca Ketentuan ini secara saksama sebelum menggunakan atau mengakses Layanan. Dengan mengakses atau menggunakan setiap Layanan yang kami sediakan, Anda secara tegas menyetujui untuk terikat dengan Ketentuan in dan oleh Pemberitahuan Privasi kami, yang tergabung sebagai bagian dari Ketentuan ini.
Harap perhatikan bagian-bagian penting dari Ketentuan ini anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan setiap sengketa antara Anda dan TFH melalui arbitrase yang mengikat bukan melalui persidangan. Harap tinjau Bagian 15 di bawah untuk mendapatkan perinciannya.
Produk kripto, termasuk Token Digital, sebagian besar tidak diatur dan bisa sangat berisiko. Mungkin tidak ada jalan lain yang dapat ditempuh oleh regulator untuk setiap kerugian dari transaksi tersebut.
Tidak ada bagian dalam Layanan yang merupakan penawaran untuk menjual, atau permintaan penawaran untuk membeli sekuritas atau Token Digital. Layanan bukan merupakan nasihat investasi. Memiliki, membeli, atau menjual Token Digital lainnya (sebagaimana didefinisikan pada Bagian di bawah) mungkin tidak diizinkan di tempat tinggal Anda, dan Anda bertanggung jawab untuk mematuhi semua undang-undang yang berlaku. Harap pertimbangkan apakah membeli, menjual, menggunakan, atau memiliki Token Digital cocok untuk Anda dalam kondisi keuangan dan pemahaman Anda tentang Token Digital. Nilai Token Digital lainnya dapat berubah dengan cepat dan semua nilainya dapat hilang. 
Selain itu, token Worldcoin ("WLD") tidak dimaksudkan untuk digunakan, dibeli, atau diakses oleh warga AS, termasuk warga negara, penduduk, atau orang AS di Amerika Serikat, atau perusahaan yang didirikan, berlokasi, atau penduduk di Amerika Serikat, atau yang memiliki agen terdaftar di Amerika Serikat. Kami tidak menyediakan WLD bagi warga AS tersebut. Selain itu, Anda setuju bahwa Anda tidak akan menjual, mengalihkan, atau menyediakan WLD kepada orang Amerika Serikat. 
Informasi lebih lanjut mengenai risiko yang terkait dengan WLD dapat ditemukan di sini. 
Ruang Lingkup Ketentuan
Privasi dan Data Anda. Ketika mengakses Aplikasi Worldcoin, Anda dapat memberikan kepada kami kategori informasi pribadi, seperti nama atau nomor telepon Anda. Jika Anda memberikan informasi untuk menetapkan proof-of-personhood Anda dan mengklaim token WLD Anda, maka Anda dapat memberikan kategori khusus dari data pribadi yang sensitif, seperti informasi biometrik Anda. Pemberitahuan Privasi kami menjelaskan data yang kami kumpulkan dari Anda dan cara kami menggunakannya. Jangan menggunakan Layanan jika Anda tidak menginginkan kami untuk mengumpulkan atau menggunakan data Anda dengan cara yang dijelaskan pada Pemberitahuan Privasi. 
Kelayakan. Untuk menggunakan Layanan, Anda harus mematuhi Ketentuan ini dan semua undang-undang yang berlaku. Anda tidak dapat menggunakan Layanan untuk melakukan, mempromosikan, atau membantu pihak lain melakukan kegiatan ilegal.
Selain itu, Anda harus memenuhi semua kriteria berikut anda berusia 18 tahun ke atas; dan
Selain itu, Anda harus memenuhi semua kriteria berikut anda tidak berada dalam, di bawah kendali, merupakan warga negara atau penduduk: Wilayah Suriah, Krimea, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson, dan Zaporizhzhia di Ukraina, Rusia, Korea Utara, Iran, Kuba, atau negara atau wilayah lain yang dibatasi oleh Amerika Serikat, Uni Eropa, atau negara atau yurisdiksi lain terhadap akses Layanan.
Selain itu, Anda harus memenuhi semua kriteria berikut anda belum dinyatakan sebagai "Warga Negara yang Masuk Dalam Daftar Khusus" oleh Kantor Pengendalian Aset Asing (Office of Foreign Assets Control, "OFAC") Departemen Keuangan A. S. atau daftar sanksi negara lain, dan nama Anda tidak tercantum dalam Daftar Pihak yang Ditolak Departemen Perdagangan A. S., atau daftar pihak yang dilarang di negara lain mana pun.
Jika Anda tidak memenuhi seluruh persyaratan ini, Anda tidak diizinkan untuk mengakses atau menggunakan Layanan. 
Ketersediaan. Laman web yang menjelaskan Layanan dapat diakses di seluruh dunia, tetapi ini bukan berarti semua Layanan atau fitur layanan bersifat sah atau tersedia di negara Anda. Akses ke Layanan tertentu (atau fitur Layanan tertentu) di negara tertentu dapat diblokir oleh kami atau pemerintah asing. Akses ke Orb dan Operator Orb kami tidak akan tersedia di Texas, Illinois, Washington, Portland, OR, dan Baltimore, MD. Anda tidak boleh menggunakan VPN atau alat bantu serupa untuk tujuan menghindari pembatasan. Akses ke Aplikasi Worldcoin, dan fitur tertentu di dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin, mungkin tidak tersedia atau dibatasi, bergantung pada lokasi Anda. Anda bertanggung jawab untuk memastikan bahwa penggunaan Layanan oleh Anda bersifat sah di tempat Anda menggunakannya. Layanan tidak tersedia dalam semua bahasa. 
Pembaruan. Kami dapat melakukan perubahan pada Ketentuan ini dari waktu ke waktu. Jika kami melakukan perubahan, kami akan menyediakan ketentuan yang diperbarui tentang Layanan. Anda memahami dan menyetujui bahwa dengan terus menggunakan Layanan setelah kami melakukan perubahan tersebut, maka itu merupakan penerimaan oleh Anda terhadap Ketentuan yang diperbarui. Anda dapat berhenti menggunakan Layanan setiap saat jika Anda tidak menyetujui Ketentuan ini. Karena Layanan berkembang dari waktu ke waktu, kami dapat mengubah atau menghentikan semua atau sebagian Layanan, setiap saat dan tanpa pemberitahuan, atas kebijakan kami sendiri.
Ketentuan Tambahan. Syarat dan ketentuan tambahan dapat berlaku pada aplikasi, konten, fitur, atau bagian Layanan tertentu, serta semua syarat dan ketentuan tambahan tersebut yang kami berikan kepada Anda akan menjadi bagian dari Ketentuan ini.
Layanan
Dompet Nonkustodian
Aplikasi Worldcoin mencakup dompet yang tidak dihosting dan nonkustodian untuk menyimpan mata uang kripto yang didukung, token yang tidak dapat dipertukarkan (non-fungible token, NFT), mata uang digital, atau aset digital (termasuk WLD dan secara bersama-sama disebut "Token Digital"). Anda mengendalikan Token Digital yang disimpan pada dompet. Dengan Aplikasi Worldcoin, kunci pribadi (yang mewakili kata sandi untuk mengakses mata uang kripto) disimpan secara langsung pada perangkat Anda. Setiap saat, bergantung pada akses internet dan kemacetan di blockchain, Anda dapat menarik Token Digital Anda dengan mengirimkannya ke alamat blockchain yang berbeda. Ketika menyimpan Token Digital Anda pada dompet, kami tidak memiliki kendali atas dompet, Token Digital, atau kunci pribadi Anda. Pengguna bertanggung jawab atas risiko kehilangan kunci pribadi mereka dan baik TFH maupun Aplikasi Worldcoin tidak dapat memulihkan kunci tersebut.
Karena Aplikasi Worldcoin adalah dompet nonkustodian, Anda akan diberikan alamat dompet yang menentukan tempat Token Digital Anda disimpan pada blockchain yang sesuai. Alamat dompet Anda dapat diakses melalui solusi dompet nonkustodian lainnya.
Token Digital yang Didukung
Aplikasi Worldcoin mendukung token ERC-20. Kami dapat menambahkan dukungan untuk Token Digital tambahan di masa mendatang. Anda dapat melihat Aset Digital yang didukung oleh kami dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin. 
Anda memahami bahwa mengirimkan Token Digital yang tidak didukung ke alamat dompet Aplikasi Worldcoin Anda dapat berarti Anda akan kehilangan akses sepenuhnya ke Token Digital tersebut. Kami tidak memiliki cara untuk memulihkan Token Digital yang dikirimkan ke alamat dompet yang salah. Harap pastikan Anda selalu mengirimkan Token Digital yang benar ke alamat dompet yang benar, dan selalu uji transaksi dengan sejumlah kecil Token Digital.
Penawaran dan Akses
Ketika Anda berinteraksi dengan Token Digital Anda, seperti mengirimkannya ke alamat blockchain lain atau menghubungkan ke aplikasi terdistribusi, menggunakan Layanan, Anda akan diminta untuk menyetujui atau "menandatangani" interaksi tersebut melalui perangkat yang telah Anda identifikasi selama proses orientasi. Aplikasi Worldcoin sepenuhnya bergantung pada persetujuan Anda dari perangkat ini untuk memulai interaksi dengan blockchain yang relevan. Anda memahami bahwa Anda berinteraksi secara langsung dengan blockchain yang relevan ketika Anda melakukan interaksi ini, dan bahwa kami tidak bertanggung jawab untuk mengirimkan pesanan atas nama Anda. 
Informasi tentang Pihak Ketiga
Dengan menggunakan Layanan, Anda dapat memiliki akses ke informasi yang berkaitan dengan Token Digital Anda, seperti, namun tidak terbatas pada, nilai pasar saat ini. Penyajian informasi ini tidak menyiratkan hubungan dengan atau dukungan pihak ketiga, meskipun fungsi tertentu yang disediakan sehubungan dengan Layanan memerlukan penggunaan produk pihak ketiga tersebut. Konten layanan dan produk pihak ketiga tersebut sebagaimana dinyatakan melalui Layanan didasarkan pada informasi yang tersedia untuk umum atau oleh pihak ketiga tersebut kepada kami, dan oleh karena itu kami tidak membuat pernyataan atau jaminan atas keakuratan layanan atau produk pihak ketiga tersebut terkait informasi.
Layanan Pihak Ketiga
Layanan dapat memberikan Anda tautan kepada pemroses pihak ketiga untuk memproses transaksi, seperti pembelian Token Digital secara langsung, penjualan Token Digital, pertukaran Token Digital, dan fungsi lain yang dapat tersedia di masa mendatang. Anda dapat melihat layanan pihak ketiga yang tersedia dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin. Saat Anda melakukan transaksi ini, Anda melakukan transaksi dengan pihak ketiga dan bukan dengan kami. Anda harus mengikuti instruksi terkait yang diberikan melalui penyedia pihak ketiga dan menerima ketentuan layanan mereka. Kami tidak mengendalikan atau mengirimkan dana atau Token Digital Anda setiap saat ketika menyediakan Layanan, atau ketika Anda mengakses layanan pihak ketiga.
Transaksi Peer-to-Peer
Layanan membuat Anda dapat mengirimkan Token Digital yang didukung ke, dan meminta, menerima, serta menyimpan Token Digital yang didukung dari, pihak ketiga dengan memulai transaksi melalui Layanan. Pengalihan Anda untuk Token Digital yang didukung antara dompet blockchain Anda yang lain serta ke dan dari pihak ketiga adalah pengalihan. Ketika Anda atau pihak ketiga mengirimkan Token Digital ke alamat dompet Anda, orang yang memulai transaksi bertanggung jawab penuh untuk melaksanakan transaksi secara benar, yang dapat mencakup, antara lain, pembayaran biaya jaringan atau penambang yang memadai sehingga transaksi berhasil. Biaya jaringan yang tidak memadai dapat menyebabkan pengalihan tetap dalam keadaan tertunda dan dapat mengakibatkan penundaan atau kerugian yang timbul akibat kesalahan dalam memulai transaksi. Kami tidak memiliki kewajiban untuk membantu dalam remediasi transaksi tersebut. Ketika Anda mengirimkan Token Digital dari dompet Anda ke dompet blockchain yang lain, pengalihan tersebut dilakukan secara berantai oleh Anda dan bukan di bawah kendali kami. Anda harus memverifikasi semua informasi transaksi sebelum mengirimkannya. Kami tidak memiliki kewajiban atau bertanggung jawab apabila Anda memasukkan alamat tujuan blockchain yang salah. Pengalihan Token Digital tidak dapat dibatalkan setelah disiarkan ke jaringan blockchain yang terkait, meskipun pengalihan tersebut mungkin dalam keadaan tertunda, dan ditentukan demikian, sambil transaksi diproses oleh operator jaringan. Kami tidak mengendalikan jaringan dan tidak menjamin bahwa pengalihan akan dikonfirmasi oleh jaringan.
Lokapasar P2P
Apabila tersedia, kami menawarkan Lokapasar P2P untuk membeli dan menjual Token Digital tertentu. Lokapasar P2P diatur oleh ketentuan tambahan, yang dapat ditemukan di sini. 
Aplikasi yang Terdesentralisasi
Kami dapat memiliki fungsi sehingga Anda dapat menghubungkan dompet Anda ke berbagai aplikasi yang terdesentralisasi. Anda bertanggung jawab penuh untuk memastikan keselamatan dan keamanan aplikasi pihak ketiga ini. Kami tidak memiliki kendali atas aplikasi pihak ketiga dan tidak dapat memberikan dukungan untuk masalah yang dapat Anda alami ketika terhubung dengan aplikasi pihak ketiga.
Dukungan Pelanggan
Kami menyediakan dukungan pelanggan untuk bantuan dengan fitur dan fungsi tertentu sehubungan dengan Layanan. Untuk menghubungi, pilih "Dukungan" dari menu di dalam aplikasi Worldcoin. 
Protokol World ID
Worldcoin Foundation mengendalikan Protokol World ID. Kami dapat menyediakan Protokol World ID kepada Anda melalui Layanan. Protokol World ID mengizinkan Anda untuk membuktikan bahwa Anda adalah manusia yang nyata dan unik sekaligus melindungi privasi Anda. 
Dengan mendaftar ke World ID, Anda mengonfirmasi bahwa Anda belum pernah mendaftar ke World ID sebelumnya, dan bahwa Anda hanya mendaftar satu kali. Meskipun kami melakukan segala upaya untuk memastikan bahwa World ID akurat, tidak ada jaminan bahwa layanan ini 100% andal dan akurat. Selain itu, ada kemungkinan positif palsu terjadi saat Anda mencoba mendaftar ke World ID untuk pertama kali. Dengan menggunakan World ID, Anda menyetujui semua syarat dan ketentuan yang tercantum dalam ketentuan ini, termasuk ketentuan yang ditetapkan oleh Worldcoin Foundation. 
Belajar untuk Menghasilkan
Kami dapat menyediakan materi informasi dan kuis tertentu untuk Anda di Aplikasi Worldcoin ("L2E"). Setelah menyelesaikan kursus L2E, Anda dapat menerima Aset Digital sebagai hadiah. Informasi yang disediakan dalam fitur L2E hanya untuk tujuan informasi saja, dan mungkin tidak sepenuhnya lengkap, akurat, atau terkini. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas konten apa pun dalam fitur L2E, dan Anda tidak boleh mengandalkan informasi yang terkandung di dalamnya. 
Hadiah yang diberikan dalam fitur L2E adalah jumlah nominal dan keleluasaan Aset Digital yang kami sediakan untuk Anda. Anda harus memiliki World ID untuk berpartisipasi dalam L2E dan menerima hadiah. Anda bertanggung jawab penuh untuk mematuhi semua kewajiban terkait dengan hadiah yang Anda terima, termasuk kewajiban pajak. Kami dapat menangguhkan fitur L2E kapan saja tanpa pemberitahuan kepada Anda. 
Hibah & Pemesanan WLD
Setelah Anda berhasil mendaftar World ID, kami mengizinkan Anda untuk mengklaim sejumlah kecil WLD pada interval yang berbeda ("Hibah WLD"). Jika Anda belum mendaftar untuk World ID, kami mengizinkan Anda untuk memesan Hibah WLD terlebih dahulu ("Pemesanan WLD"). Hibah WLD dan Pemesanan WLD disediakan oleh World Assets Limited, anak perusahaan dari Worldcoin Foundation. Jumlah, interval, dan pengaturan waktu yang tepat untuk Hibah WLD dan Pemesanan WLD akan ditentukan dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin, tetapi ditentukan sepenuhnya oleh World Assets Limited. Dengan mengizinkan Anda untuk mengklaim Pemesanan WLD, kami tidak memberikan jaminan bahwa Anda akan menerima sejumlah Hibah WLD. Reservasi WLD dapat kedaluwarsa, dengan atau tanpa pemberitahuan sebelumnya di World App, terlepas dari apakah Anda telah membuat Reservasi WLD atau menerima Hibah WLD terkait. Ketentuan tersebut dapat dibatalkan atas kebijakan kami. 
Aplikasi Operator
Untuk Operator Orb dan mitra lainnya, kami menyediakan Aplikasi Operator yang memungkinkan Anda untuk memantau aktivitas dan statistik tertentu yang relevan dengan Anda dan bisnis Anda sebagai Operator Orb. Kami juga dapat menyediakan fitur-fitur tertentu untuk membantu Anda menjalankan bisnis Anda sebagai Operator Orb.
Pembelian, Biaya, dan Pajak
Biaya Transaksi. Dengan menggunakan Layanan, Anda menyetujui untuk membayar semua biaya yang berlaku, termasuk biaya transaksi untuk pertukaran dan transaksi Token Digital. Kami akan memberi tahu Anda tentang biaya yang berlaku sebelum Anda melakukan transaksi. Jika Anda menggunakan layanan pembayaran pihak ketiga, biaya bank, biaya kartu kredit dan kartu debit yang dibebankan untuk pembelian Token Digital dapat dikurangi dari jumlah yang telah diselesaikan dari pembelian Token Digital Anda. Anda juga bertanggung jawab untuk membayar biaya tambahan yang dibebankan oleh penyedia layanan keuangan Anda. 
Biaya Jaringan. Interaksi dengan blockchain juga dikenakan biaya jaringan. Biaya jaringan dibebankan oleh dan dibayarkan ke jaringan blockchain, bukan kepada kami, untuk mempermudah interaksi. 
Pajak. Anda bertanggung jawab penuh untuk menentukan apakah, dan sejauh mana, pajak berlaku untuk transaksi melalui Layanan, dan untuk menahan, mengumpulkan, melaporkan, dan mengirimkan jumlah pajak yang benar kepada otoritas pajak yang sesuai. 
Pembaruan. Semua biaya ditampilkan dan berlaku sebagaimana tercermin pada Layanan dan dapat diperbarui serta diubah dari waktu ke waktu.
Faktor Risiko
Bukan Alat Pembayaran yang Sah. Token Digital bukan alat pembayaran yang sah, tidak didukung oleh pemerintah, dan akun Token Digital dan saldo nilai pada Layanan tidak tunduk pada perlindungan Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Securities Investor Protection Corporation, atau perlindungan serupa yang ditemukan di negara lain. Kami bukan bank dan tidak menawarkan layanan fidusia. Transaksi yang dilakukan melalui Aplikasi Worldcoin sebagian besar tidak diatur di banyak negara. Kami tidak menjamin fungsi blockchain yang kami dukung, yang dapat, antara lain, menyebabkan penundaan, konflik kepentingan, atau keputusan operasi oleh pihak ketiga yang tidak menguntungkan pemilik Token Digital tertentu, atau menyebabkan ketidakmampuan Anda untuk menyelesaikan transaksi menggunakan Layanan. Perincian transaksi yang Anda kirimkan melalui Layanan mungkin tidak selesai, atau mungkin tertunda secara substansial pada blockchain yang berlaku, dan kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas kegagalan transaksi untuk dikonfirmasi atau diproses seperti yang diharapkan. Tidak ada jaminan atau garansi bahwa pengalihan yang dilakukan melalui Layanan akan berhasil mengalihkan kepemilikan atau hak dalam Token Digital. Selain itu, mungkin ada risiko khusus untuk penggunaan Aset Digital tertentu, seperti WLD. Informasi lebih lanjut mengenai risiko-risiko khusus untuk WLD dapat ditemukan di sini. 
Teknologi Baru. Layanan ini adalah layanan baru. Meskipun perangkat lunak ini telah diuji secara luas, perangkat lunak yang digunakan untuk Layanan masih relatif baru dan dapat memiliki bug atau kerentanan keamanan. Selanjutnya, perangkat lunak masih dalam pengembangan dan dapat mengalami perubahan signifikan dari waktu ke waktu sehingga dapat tidak memenuhi harapan pengguna.
Risiko Keamanan Informasi. Token Digital dan penggunaan Layanan dapat mengalami pengambilalihan atau pencurian. Peretas atau kelompok atau organisasi berbahaya lainnya dapat mencoba mengganggu Layanan dengan berbagai cara, termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada serangan malware, serangan penolakan layanan, serangan berbasis konsensus, serangan Sybil, cadangan, dan penipuan. Selain itu, karena jaringan blockchain yang kami dukung, seperti protokol Ethereum, terletak pada perangkat lunak sumber terbuka, perangkat lunak yang mendasari Layanan dapat memuat bug atau kelemahan yang disengaja atau tidak disengaja yang dapat berdampak negatif terhadap Layanan atau mengakibatkan kehilangan Token Digital atau kehilangan kemampuan pengguna untuk mengakses atau mengendalikan dompetnya melalui Layanan. Apabila terjadi bug atau kelemahan perangkat lunak seperti itu, mungkin tidak ada perbaikan dan pengguna tidak dijamin mendapatkan ganti rugi, pengembalian dana, atau kompensasi.
Akurasi. Meskipun kami bermaksud untuk memberikan informasi yang akurat dan tepat waktu yang disediakan melalui Layanan (termasuk, tanpa batasan, konten) yang mungkin tidak selalu sepenuhnya akurat, lengkap, atau terkini dan juga dapat mencakup ketidakakuratan teknis atau kesalahan ketik. Dalam upaya untuk terus memberikan kepada Anda informasi selengkap dan seakurat mungkin, informasi dapat, sejauh diizinkan oleh undang-undang yang berlaku, diubah atau diperbarui dari waktu ke waktu tanpa pemberitahuan, termasuk tanpa batasan informasi mengenai kebijakan, produk, dan layanan kami. Oleh karena itu, Anda harus memverifikasi semua informasi sebelum mengandalkannya, dan semua keputusan didasarkan pada informasi yang diberikan melalui Layanan adalah tanggung jawab penuh Anda dan kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas keputusan tersebut. 
Ketersediaan. Meskipun kami berusaha untuk memberikan kepada Anda layanan yang unggul, kami tidak menjamin bahwa Layanan akan tersedia tanpa gangguan. Layanan sementara dapat tidak tersedia dari waktu ke waktu karena pemeliharaan atau alasan lain. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas kesalahan, kelalaian, gangguan, penghapusan, kecacatan, keterlambatan operasi atau transmisi, kegagalan saluran komunikasi, pencurian atau perusakan atau akses tidak sah ke, atau perubahan, komunikasi pengguna. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas masalah atau kerusakan teknis dari jaringan atau saluran telepon, sistem online komputer, server atau penyedia, peralatan komputer, perangkat lunak, kegagalan email atau pemutar akun karena masalah teknis atau kemacetan lalu lintas pada Internet atau Layanan atau kombinasinya, termasuk cedera atau kerusakan pada pengguna atau komputer pihak lain yang terkait dengan atau akibat dari partisipasi atau pengunduhan materi sehubungan dengan Layanan. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas kehilangan atau kerusakan, kerugian finansial atau kehilangan keuntungan, kehilangan bisnis, atau cedera pribadi atau kematian, yang diakibatkan oleh penggunaan Layanan oleh siapa pun, Konten yang diposting pada atau melalui Layanan atau dikirimkan kepada pengguna, atau interaksi antara pengguna Layanan, baik online maupun offline.
Fork. Perangkat lunak yang digunakan untuk membuat WLD bersifat sumber terbuka dan gratis untuk setiap orang yang menyalin dan menggunakannya. Artinya, setiap orang dapat membuat versi modifikasi dari WLD, yang oleh karena itu dikenal sebagai "Fork." Apabila terjadi gangguan pada Fork atau gangguan lain pada jaringan Token Digital, kami tidak mampu mendukung segala kegiatan yang berkaitan dengan Fork. Transaksi mungkin tidak diselesaikan, diselesaikan sebagian, diselesaikan secara keliru, atau secara substansial ditunda ketika Fork terjadi. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas kerugian yang Anda tanggung yang disebabkan secara keseluruhan atau sebagian oleh Fork atau gangguan jaringan lain.
Layanan Pihak Ketiga. Kami mengandalkan penyedia layanan pihak ketiga untuk menyediakan beberapa fitur dan fungsionalitas dalam Aplikasi, misalnya kemampuan untuk membeli Aset Digital dengan mata uang fiat, atau kemampuan untuk menukar satu Aset Digital dengan Aset Digital lainnya. Kami tidak menyediakan layanan ini, dan kami bukan merupakan pihak dalam transaksi tersebut. Anda hanya mengandalkan penyedia pihak ketiga untuk layanan ini, dan Anda harus memiliki akun dengan penyedia pihak ketiga dan menyetujui persyaratan mereka. Kami tidak dapat membantu Anda jika Anda mengalami masalah dalam menggunakan layanan mereka, dan kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas transaksi apa pun yang Anda lakukan dengan menggunakan penyedia pihak ketiga. 
Kekayaan Intelektual.
Kepemilikan. Perangkat lunak kami, aplikasi, Layanan, Konten, Merek (sebagaimana didefinisikan di bawah), serta desain, pemilihan, dan pengaturan Konten pada Layanan ("KI") dilindungi oleh hak cipta, merek dagang, paten, dan hak atas kekayaan intelektual lainnya serta undang-undang Amerika Serikat dan negara lain yang berlaku. Anda menyetujui untuk mematuhi seluruh hak atas kekayaan intelektual dan undang-undang yang berlaku, serta pemberitahuan atau pembatasan merek dagang atau hak cipta yang tercantum dalam Perjanjian atau Layanan. Anda tidak dapat menghapus pemberitahuan hak cipta, merek dagang, atau hak milik lain yang terdapat dalam KI. 
Merek Dagang. Nama Tools for Humanity Corporation, nama dan desain Worldcoin, logo "Seven Hands" dan semua logo terkait, serta slogan adalah merek dagang atau merek layanan dari Tools for Humanity Corporation atau pemberi lisensinya ("Merek"). Anda tidak boleh menyalin, meniru, atau menggunakan Merek, secara keseluruhan atau sebagian, tanpa izin tertulis dari kami. Semua merek dagang, nama, atau logo lain yang disebutkan sehubungan dengan Layanan merupakan kekayaan dari pemiliknya masing-masing dan Anda tidak boleh menyalin, meniru, atau menggunakannya, secara keseluruhan atau sebagian, tanpa izin tertulis dari pemilik merek dagang yang berlaku. Keterlibatan segala merek pihak lain dalam Layanan bukan merupakan persetujuan, dukungan, atau rekomendasi oleh kami.
Lisensi dan Pembatasan
Lisensi. Dengan ketentuan bahwa Anda memenuhi syarat untuk menggunakan Layanan dan tunduk pada kepatuhan Anda terhadap Ketentuan ini, kami dengan ini memberikan kepada Anda lisensi terbatas untuk mengakses dan menggunakan Layanan.
Pembatasan Lisensi. Anda tidak boleh memublikasikan ulang Konten di situs Internet, Intranet, atau Extranet atau memasukkan informasi tersebut ke dalam basis data atau kompilasi lain, dan dilarang keras menggunakan Konten dengan cara lain. Setiap penggunaan Layanan selain yang diizinkan secara khusus dalam Perjanjian ini, tanpa izin tertulis sebelumnya dari kami, sangat dilarang dan akan mengakhiri lisensi yang diberikan dalam Perjanjian ini. Penggunaan yang tidak sah tersebut juga dapat melanggar undang-undang yang berlaku termasuk tanpa batasan undang-undang hak cipta dan merek dagang serta peraturan dan undang-undang komunikasi yang berlaku. Kecuali jika dinyatakan secara eksplisit dalam Perjanjian ini, tidak ada ketentuan dalam Ketentuan ini yang ditafsirkan sebagai pemberian lisensi untuk hak atas kekayaan intelektual, baik dengan estoppel, implikasi, maupun cara lainnya. Lisensi ini dapat dicabut oleh kami setiap saat tanpa pemberitahuan dan dengan atau tanpa penyebab.
Pemerintah. Jika Anda adalah pengguna akhir Pemerintah A. S., kami melisensikan Layanan kepada Anda sebagai "Barang Komersial" sebagaimana istilah tersebut didefinisikan dalam Pedoman Peraturan Federal A. S. (baca 48 C. F. R. §2.101), dan hak yang kami berikan kepada Anda untuk Layanan sama dengan hak yang kami berikan kepada semua pihak lain berdasarkan Ketentuan ini.
Penggunaan yang Dapat Diterima
Anda hanya dapat menggunakan Layanan untuk penggunaan pribadi Anda. Kami berhak setiap saat dan atas kebijakan kami sendiri untuk meninjau, membatalkan, atau menangguhkan akses Anda ke atau penggunaan Layanan. Barang pada daftar Penggunaan yang Dilarang hanya merupakan contoh dan daftar ini tidak lengkap; kami dapat menambah atau menghapus penggunaan yang dilarang atas kebijakan kami sendiri. 
Penggunaan yang Dilarang mencakup kegiatan Ilegal: Setiap kegiatan yang akan melanggar, atau membantu pelanggaran, segala program sanksi yang diatur oleh OFAC; melanggar, atau membantu pelanggaran undang-undang di negara tempat kami menjalankan bisnis; melibatkan pendapatan kegiatan ilegal; atau penerbitan, distribusi, atau penyebaran segala materi atau informasi ilegal.
Penggunaan yang Dilarang mencakup penggunaan Berlebihan atau Peretasan: Setiap kegiatan yang menimbulkan beban besar yang tidak wajar atau tidak proporsional pada infrastruktur kami; atau mengganggu, menghalangi, atau mengambil alih sistem, data, atau informasi secara merugikan; mengirimkan atau mengunggah materi ke Layanan yang memuat virus, trojan horse, worm, atau program berbahaya atau merusak lainnya; atau berupaya mendapatkan akses tanpa izin ke sistem komputer atau jaringan yang terhubung ke Layanan.
Penggunaan yang Dilarang mencakup kekerasan terhadap Pihak Lain: Setiap kegiatan yang mengganggu akses atau penggunaan Layanan pihak lain; mencemarkan nama baik, menyakiti, memeras, melecehkan, menguntit, mengancam, atau melanggar atau menyalahi privasi, kekayaan intelektual, atau hak hukum lain pihak lain; menghasut, mengancam, mempermudah, mempromosikan, atau mendorong kebencian, intoleransi ras, atau tindakan kekerasan terhadap pihak lain; atau memungut, mengambil, atau mengumpulkan data pengguna lain dari Layanan tanpa izin.
Penggunaan yang Dilarang mencakup penipuan dan Praktik Bisnis Tidak Adil Lainnya: Setiap kegiatan yang beroperasi untuk menipu kami, pengguna kami, atau pihak lain; menyediakan informasi yang salah, tidak akurat, atau menyesatkan kepada kami; menjanjikan imbalan besar secara tidak wajar atau menjual layanan tanpa manfaat tambahan kepada pembeli; atau memajukan praktik predatoris dan penipuan lainnya termasuk lotre, undian, lelang biaya penawaran, kontes, undian, perjudian, atau permainan peluang lainnya yang melanggar hukum.
Penggunaan yang Dilarang mencakup pelanggaran Kekayaan Intelektual: Setiap kegiatan yang melibatkan penjualan, distribusi, atau penyediaan akses ke musik, film, perangkat lunak, atau materi berlisensi bajakan lainnya tanpa izin yang sesuai dari pemegang hak; penggunaan KI (termasuk Merek) tanpa persetujuan tegas atau dengan cara yang membahayakan kami atau merek kami; menyiratkan dukungan atau afiliasi yang tidak benar dengan kami; atau melanggar atau menyalahi segala hak cipta, merek dagang, hak penerbitan atau privasi, atau hak milik lain berdasarkan undang-undang.
Penggunaan yang Dilarang mencakup 8. Operator Orb
Kami bermitra dengan kontraktor independen setempat bernama "Operator Orb", yang mempermudah pendaftaran pengguna dan membantu menjawab pertanyaan yang dapat Anda miliki tentang kami. Operator Orb ini telah menerima pelatihan dan memiliki pengetahuan tentang Worldcoin. Namun demikian, kami tidak memiliki kendali dan menafikan semua tanggung jawab atas hal yang mereka katakan atau cara mereka berperilaku. Operator Orb bukan agen atau karyawan kami dengan cara apa pun. Segala upaya, fitur, proses, kebijakan, standar, atau upaya lainnya yang dilakukan oleh TFH demi kepentingan penggunanya tidak menunjukkan hubungan kerja atau agen dengan Operator Orb. 
Penangguhan
Kami dapat menangguhkan dan membatasi akses Anda ke Layanan: Kami sangat diwajibkan oleh panggilan pengadilan yang sah, perintah pengadilan, atau perintah mengikat dari otoritas pemerintah; Kami secara wajar menduga Anda menggunakan Layanan sehubungan dengan Penggunaan yang Dilarang; Penggunaan Layanan oleh Anda tunduk pada litigasi, investigasi, atau proses hukum pemerintah yang tertunda dan/atau kami melihat risiko tinggi ketidakpatuhan hukum atau peraturan terkait aktivitas Anda; Mitra layanan kami tidak dapat mendukung penggunaan oleh Anda; Anda mengambil tindakan yang kami anggap mengelak kendali kami.
Bukan Penawaran Sekuritas atau Bunga Komoditi
Konten Layanan bukan merupakan penawaran untuk membeli atau menjual atau ajakan untuk membeli atau menjual investasi, sekuritas, kepentingan kemitraan, komoditas, atau instrumen keuangan lainnya; konten atau Layanan juga bukan merupakan, dan tidak boleh digunakan untuk atau sehubungan dengan, penawaran atau ajakan oleh siapa pun di negara bagian atau yurisdiksi mana pun di tempat penawaran atau ajakan tersebut tidak diizinkan atau diperbolehkan, atau kepada siapa pun yang akan melanggar hukum jika melakukan penawaran atau ajakan tersebut.
Konten
Ketergantungan pada Konten; Perubahan terhadap Layanan. Informasi dan materi yang kami sediakan untuk Anda melalui Layanan ("Konten") sepenuhnya untuk tujuan informasi umum, dan kami tidak menjamin keakuratan, kegunaan, atau kelengkapannya. Setiap ketergantungan yang Anda terapkan pada Konten kami sepenuhnya merupakan risiko Anda. Kami tidak memiliki kewajiban atau tanggung jawab atas tindakan yang Anda ambil atau tidak Anda ambil karena Konten, atau oleh setiap orang yang menerima Konten yang Anda bagikan. Pernyataan pengguna lain yang menjelaskan penggunaan mereka atas Layanan kami yang ditemukan pada Layanan atau tempat lain tidak boleh dipandang sebagai dukungan kami atas pernyataan mereka jika pernyataan tidak sejalan dengan Ketentuan ini atau Konten kami. Kami dapat memperbarui Konten dari waktu ke waktu, namun Konten tersebut mungkin tidak lengkap atau terbaru, dan kami tidak memiliki kewajiban kepada Anda untuk memperbarui Konten atau bagian lain dari Layanan. Kami dapat mengubah atau menghentikan, sementara atau secara permanen, sebagian atau seluruh Konten atau Layanan tanpa pemberitahuan sebelumnya kepada Anda. Kami tidak akan bertanggung jawab atas segala perubahan, penangguhan, atau penghentian sebagian atau seluruh Konten atau Layanan.
Layanan dan Konten Pihak Ketiga. Kami dapat menyediakan tautan ke materi edukasi, webinar, pertemuan, dan promosi di platform media sosial ("Layanan Pihak Ketiga") sehingga terjadi pembagian dan kolaborasi di antara pengguna dan pihak ketiga lain. Jika Anda membagikan informasi pribadi, gambar, opini, konten, atau data lain pada layanan tersebut, Anda melakukannya dengan risiko Anda sendiri, dan penggunaan Anda atas layanan tersebut tunduk pada ketentuan penggunaan dan kebijakan privasi layanan tersebut, bukan kami. Anda harus meninjau ketentuan layanan dari masing-masing Layanan Pihak Ketiga untuk lebih memahami hak Anda, dan cara platform tersebut menggunakan data Anda. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas segala kehilangan, pencurian, pembobolan, atau penyalahgunaan data Anda sehubungan dengan Layanan Pihak Ketiga (termasuk kelalaian) kecuali apabila tanggung jawab tersebut tidak dapat dibatasi berdasarkan undang-undang yang berlaku. Penggunaan Anda atas setiap informasi yang disediakan oleh Layanan Pihak Ketiga ("Konten Pihak Ketiga") adalah risiko Anda sendiri, dan kami tidak berjanji kepada Anda bahwa Konten Pihak Ketiga bersifat akurat, lengkap, asli, atau sesuai untuk keadaan pribadi Anda. Konten Pihak Ketiga termasuk informasi yang disediakan oleh pengguna lain yang tidak secara khusus kami dukung.
Konten Pengguna. Sebagai anggota komunitas Worldcoin, Anda dapat memposting pesan, data, perangkat lunak, gambar, video, atau konten lain ("Konten Pengguna") pada papan buletin, blog, akun media sosial yang dimiliki oleh kami, serta berbagai lokasi lainnya yang tersedia secara publik pada Layanan. Forum ini dapat diselenggarakan oleh kami atau Penyedia Layanan Pihak Ketiga atas nama kami. Anda bertanggung jawab atas seluruh Konten Pengguna yang Anda kirimkan, unggah, posting, atau simpan melalui Layanan. Anda harus menyediakan seluruh peringatan, informasi, dan pengungkapan yang diwajibkan dan sesuai terkait Konten Pengguna Anda. Kami tidak bertanggung jawab atas segala Konten Pengguna yang Anda kirimkan melalui Layanan.
Lisensi Konten Pengguna. Dengan mengirimkan Konten Pengguna kepada kami, Anda menyatakan bahwa Anda memiliki seluruh hak yang diperlukan demi Konten Pengguna dan Anda dengan ini memberikan kepada kami lisensi secara terus-menerus, di seluruh dunia, noneksklusif, bebas royalti, dapat disublisensikan, dan dapat dialihkan untuk menggunakan, memperbanyak, mendistribusikan, menyiapkan karya turunan, memodifikasi, menampilkan, dan menjalankan seluruh atau sebagian dari Konten Pengguna sehubungan dengan pemasaran dan promosi kami, serta untuk tujuan bisnis lainnya yang sah terkait dengan Layanan. Kami dapat mendistribusikan kembali sebagian atau seluruh karya turunan dari Konten Pengguna Anda dalam format media dan melalui saluran media yang kami pilih. Dengan ini, Anda juga memberikan kepada kami dan pengguna lain lisensi noneksklusif untuk menggunakan, mengakses, memperbanyak, mendistribusikan, memodifikasi, dan menampilkan, serta menjalankan Konten Pengguna Anda melalui Layanan.
Pembatasan Konten Pengguna. Anda menyetujui untuk tidak menggunakan, atau mengizinkan pihak ketiga untuk menggunakan Layanan untuk memposting atau mengirimkan Konten Pengguna yang: memfitnah atau mencemarkan nama baik, atau mengungkapkan persoalan pribadi atau personal tentang setiap orang; tidak senonoh, cabul, pornografi, melecehkan, mengancam, kasar, penuh kebencian, menyinggung ras atau etnis; yang mendorong perilaku yang akan dianggap sebagai tindak pidana, menimbulkan tanggung jawab sipil, atau melanggar undang-undang, atau yang tidak pantas; akan melanggar hak atas kekayaan intelektual pihak lain, termasuk teks, gambar, atau program berhak cipta, rahasia dagang atau informasi kepemilikan rahasia lainnya tanpa izin, atau merek dagang atau merek layanan yang digunakan dengan cara yang melanggar; atau secara tidak wajar mengganggu penggunaan Layanan oleh pengguna lainnya. Anda menyatakan kepada kami bahwa Anda memposting Konten Pengguna ke Layanan secara sukarela; oleh karena itu, memposting Konten Pengguna tidak menciptakan hubungan pemberi kerja-karyawan antara Anda dan kami. Anda tidak boleh menyalin atau menggunakan alamat email, nomor ponsel, saldo akun, nama pengguna, atau informasi pribadi lain tentang pengguna lainnya tanpa izin mereka. Dilarang memberikan email, surat, panggilan telepon, atau komunikasi lain yang tidak diminta kepada pengguna lainnya melalui Layanan atau saluran lainnya.
Keluhan dan Penurunan DMCA. Jika Anda meyakini bahwa merek dagang atau karya berhak cipta Anda dilanggar oleh Konten atau Konten Pengguna kami pada Layanan atau dipublikasikan dengan cara yang mengisyaratkan dukungan atau afiliasi dengan kami, harap kirimkan email kepada kami di legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com dengan subjek "Pengaduan [Merek Dagang/Hak Cipta]", mana pun yang benar. Agar pengaduan Anda efektif dan agar kami dapat mengambil tindakan berdasarkan Undang-Undang Hak Cipta Digital Millenium (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), Anda harus memenuhi semua persyaratan DMCA dengan memasukkan informasi berikut dalam email Anda identifikasi jelas dari karya berhak cipta atau merek yang diklaim dilanggar, termasuk nomor Pendaftaran Hak Cipta jika karya tersebut terdaftar.
Keluhan dan Penurunan DMCA. Jika Anda meyakini bahwa merek dagang atau karya berhak cipta Anda dilanggar oleh Konten atau Konten Pengguna kami pada Layanan atau dipublikasikan dengan cara yang mengisyaratkan dukungan atau afiliasi dengan kami, harap kirimkan email kepada kami di legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com dengan subjek "Pengaduan [Merek Dagang/Hak Cipta]", mana pun yang benar. Agar pengaduan Anda efektif dan agar kami dapat mengambil tindakan berdasarkan Undang-Undang Hak Cipta Digital Millenium (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), Anda harus memenuhi semua persyaratan DMCA dengan memasukkan informasi berikut dalam email Anda identifikasi dari karya atau merek yang diklaim dilanggar dan ingin Anda hapus.
Keluhan dan Penurunan DMCA. Jika Anda meyakini bahwa merek dagang atau karya berhak cipta Anda dilanggar oleh Konten atau Konten Pengguna kami pada Layanan atau dipublikasikan dengan cara yang mengisyaratkan dukungan atau afiliasi dengan kami, harap kirimkan email kepada kami di legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com dengan subjek "Pengaduan [Merek Dagang/Hak Cipta]", mana pun yang benar. Agar pengaduan Anda efektif dan agar kami dapat mengambil tindakan berdasarkan Undang-Undang Hak Cipta Digital Millenium (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), Anda harus memenuhi semua persyaratan DMCA dengan memasukkan informasi berikut dalam email Anda uRL atau arahan jelas lain yang membuat kami dapat menemukan konten yang diduga melanggar.
Keluhan dan Penurunan DMCA. Jika Anda meyakini bahwa merek dagang atau karya berhak cipta Anda dilanggar oleh Konten atau Konten Pengguna kami pada Layanan atau dipublikasikan dengan cara yang mengisyaratkan dukungan atau afiliasi dengan kami, harap kirimkan email kepada kami di legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com dengan subjek "Pengaduan [Merek Dagang/Hak Cipta]", mana pun yang benar. Agar pengaduan Anda efektif dan agar kami dapat mengambil tindakan berdasarkan Undang-Undang Hak Cipta Digital Millenium (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), Anda harus memenuhi semua persyaratan DMCA dengan memasukkan informasi berikut dalam email Anda alamat email, alamat surat, dan nomor telepon Anda; dan
Keluhan dan Penurunan DMCA. Jika Anda meyakini bahwa merek dagang atau karya berhak cipta Anda dilanggar oleh Konten atau Konten Pengguna kami pada Layanan atau dipublikasikan dengan cara yang mengisyaratkan dukungan atau afiliasi dengan kami, harap kirimkan email kepada kami di legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com dengan subjek "Pengaduan [Merek Dagang/Hak Cipta]", mana pun yang benar. Agar pengaduan Anda efektif dan agar kami dapat mengambil tindakan berdasarkan Undang-Undang Hak Cipta Digital Millenium (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), Anda harus memenuhi semua persyaratan DMCA dengan memasukkan informasi berikut dalam email Anda pernyataan yang ditandatangani bahwa Anda memiliki iktikad baik bahwa konten tersebut melanggar, bahwa informasi yang Anda berikan benar, dan bahwa Anda adalah pemilik atau berwenang untuk mewakili pemilik konten.
Anda juga harus mengetahui bahwa berdasarkan Pasal 512(f) DMCA, setiap orang yang secara sengaja mengirimkan pemberitahuan pelanggaran yang tidak berdasar dapat bertanggung jawab atas kerugian, sehingga jangan membuat klaim palsu. Kami dapat membagikan informasi atau korespondensi yang Anda berikan kepada kami dengan pihak ketiga, termasuk pihak yang mengunggah materi yang diduga melanggar ke Layanan.
Ketika kami menerima pemberitahuan pelanggaran bona fide, kebijakan kami adalah: segera menghapus atau menonaktifkan akses ke konten yang melanggar; memberi tahu pihak yang mengunggah materi yang melanggar bahwa kami telah menghapus atau menonaktifkan akses ke materi tersebut; dan bagi pelanggar berulang, mengakhiri akses pihak tersebut ke Layanan. Jika kami menerima pemberitahuan balasan dari pihak tersebut, kami dapat mengirimkan salinan dari pemberitahuan balasan tersebut kepada Anda yang menjelaskan bahwa kami dapat mengembalikan materi yang dihapus atau mengaktifkannya kembali dalam waktu 10 hari kerja. Kecuali jika Anda mengajukan gugatan yang meminta putusan pengadilan terhadap kami atau terhadap pihak yang mengunggah konten tersebut, kami akan mengembalikan akses ke materi yang dihapus dalam waktu 10 hingga 14 hari kerja atau lebih setelah penerimaan pemberitahuan balasan tersebut, sesuai dengan kebijakan kami.
PENAFIAN JAMINAN 
Anda menanggung sendiri risiko penggunaan Layanan Anda. Layanan, WLD, dan konten serta semua KI lainnya disediakan atas dasar "SEBAGAIMANA ADANYA" dan "SEBAGAIMANA TERSEDIA" tanpa pernyataan atau jaminan, baik secara tersirat, tersurat, maupun menurut undang-undang. Apabila diizinkan oleh undang-undang yang berlaku, kami secara khusus menafikan segala jaminan tersirat atas kepemilikan, kelayakan barang dagangan, kecocokan untuk tujuan tertentu, atau nonpelanggaran terhadap fitur, konten, atau KI lain yang terdapat dalam Layanan. Beberapa yurisdiksi tidak mengizinkan pengecualian jaminan yang tersirat, sehingga pengecualian di atas mungkin tidak berlaku bagi Anda. Kami tidak mendukung, menjamin, atau mengemban tanggung jawab atas iklan, penawaran, atau pernyataan yang dibuat oleh pihak ketiga, termasuk pengguna lainnya terkait Layanan.
Kami tidak membuat pernyataan atau jaminan bahwa akses ke seluruh atau sebagian Layanan akan berkelanjutan, tidak terganggu, tepat waktu, aman, atau terbebas dari kesalahan; Layanan atau konten bersifat akurat, lengkap, dapat diandalkan, atau terkini; Layanan terbebas dari virus atau komponen berbahaya lainnya; atau Layanan atau konten akan memenuhi persyaratan, kebutuhan, atau harapan Anda.
Selain itu, kami tidak membuat pernyataan atau jaminan sehubungan dengan keabsahan Layanan atau WLD untuk kasus penggunaan, atau bahwa Layanan atau WLD akan memenuhi kebutuhan regulasi atau kepatuhan. Anda bertanggung jawab penuh untuk menentukan dan mematuhi seluruh pembatasan dan persyaratan hukum dan regulasi yang dapat mengatur penggunaan Layanan atau WLD oleh Anda. Kecuali untuk pernyataan tegas yang ditetapkan dalam Ketentuan ini, Anda dengan ini menyatakan dan menyetujui bahwa Anda tidak mengandalkan pernyataan atau kesepahaman lain, baik tertulis maupun lisan, sehubungan dengan akses dan penggunaan Layanan atau WLD oleh Anda.
Kami tidak berperan dan tidak dapat berperan sebagai penasihat Anda sehubungan dengan persoalan keuangan, hukum, investasi, atau pajak. Setiap konten hanya membicarakan hal sesuai tanggal terbitnya. Setiap proyeksi, estimasi, prakiraan, target, dan/atau pendapat yang dinyatakan di sini dapat menimbulkan risiko, ketidakpastian, dan asumsi, sehingga mungkin salah dan dapat berubah tanpa pemberitahuan. Tidak ada konten yang dapat diandalkan. 
Informasi tertentu di sini mungkin diperoleh dari sumber pihak ketiga. Meskipun diambil dari sumber yang diyakini dapat diandalkan, kami belum memverifikasi semua informasi tersebut secara independen dan tidak bertanggungjawab atas keakuratannya. Kami bukan broker-dealer atau penasihat investasi terdaftar. Kami tidak membuat pernyataan, dan secara khusus menafikan semua jaminan, tersurat, tersirat, atau undang-undang, mengenai keakuratan, ketepatan waktu, atau kelengkapan materi apa pun yang tercantum dalam Layanan. Konten kami hanya untuk informasi umum, dan Anda bertanggung jawab penuh dalam menentukan apakah Anda akan menggunakan Layanan atau tidak. Anda menyatakan bahwa berdagang, menggunakan, dan menyimpan Token Digital secara inheren sangat berisiko. Semua dana dalam dompet Anda dapat hilang. Anda menyatakan bahwa Layanan dapat dikenakan pembatasan ekspor dan sanksi ekonomi yang dikenakan oleh hukum A. S.
Kami tidak bertanggung jawab kepada Anda atau pihak ketiga atas modifikasi atau pengakhiran Layanan, atau penangguhan atau pengakhiran akses Anda ke Layanan. 
PEMBATASAN KEWAJIBAN
Kami tidak mengecualikan atau membatasi kewajiban kami kepada Anda di tempat yang melarang hal tersebut. Di negara-negara yang melarang jenis pengecualian di bawah, kami hanya bertanggung jawab kepada Anda atas kerugian dan kerusakan yang merupakan akibat wajar dari kegagalan kami untuk menggunakan kehati-hatian dan keterampilan yang wajar atau pelanggaran kontrak kami dengan Anda. Ayat ini tidak memengaruhi hak konsumen yang tidak dapat dikesampingkan atau dibatasi oleh kontrak atau perjanjian.
Apabila diizinkan oleh undang-undang, Anda menyetujui bahwa dalam keadaan apa pun kami atau setiap pejabat, direktur, karyawan, kontraktor, agen, afiliasi, atau anak perusahaan kami ("Para Pihak TFH") tidak berkewajiban kepada Anda atas segala kerugian tidak langsung, hukuman, insidental, khusus, konsekuensial, atau bersifat denda, termasuk kerugian karena kehilangan keuntungan, muhibah, penggunaan, data, atau kekayaan tidak berwujud lainnya, baik kewajiban tersebut dinyatakan atas dasar kesalahan atau lainnya, dan baik Para Pihak TFH telah diberi tahu mengenai kemungkinan kerugian tersebut yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan: penggunaan atau ketidakmampuan Anda dalam menggunakan Layanan, Token Digital, atau jaringan Worldcoin; tidak dapat diaksesnya atau berakhirnya Layanan; peretasan, perusakan, akses ilegal, atau perubahan dari transaksi atau Data Anda; transaksi atau perjanjian yang ditandatangani oleh Anda dengan pihak ketiga melalui Layanan; kegiatan atau komunikasi pihak ketiga; tindakan Operator Orb, kehilangan nilai Token Digital; Konten Pihak Ketiga yang diakses pada atau melalui Layanan; kesalahan, kekeliruan, atau ketidakakuratan dalam Konten kami; cedera pribadi atau kerusakan properti bersifat apa pun yang diakibatkan oleh akses ke atau penggunaan dari Layanan; virus, trojan horse, atau semacamnya yang dapat dikirimkan ke atau melalui Layanan; atau perilaku memfitnah, menyinggung, atau ilegal dari pihak ketiga. Pembatasan kewajiban ini akan berlaku baik kerugian yang timbul dari penggunaan maupun penyalahgunaan dari, atau mengandalkan pada TFH atau Layanan, terlepas dari kegagalan tujuan penting upaya pemulihan terbatas dan apabila diizinkan berdasarkan undang-undang yang berlaku.
Dalam keadaan apa pun, Para Pihak TFH tidak akan berkewajiban kepada Anda atas klaim langsung, proses hukum, kewajiban, tanggung jawab, kerugian, kehilangan, atau biaya yang jumlahnya melebihi $100,00. Jika Anda tidak puas dengan Layanan, Anda menyetujui bahwa pemulihan satu-satunya dan eksklusif bagi Anda adalah dengan menghentikan penggunaan Layanan. Pembatasan kewajiban ini akan berlaku apabila diizinkan oleh undang-undang yang berlaku. 
Pembebasan dan Penggantian Kerugian. Anda menyetujui untuk membela, mengganti rugi, dan membebaskan Para Pihak TFH, dari dan terhadap setiap klaim, kerugian, ongkos, kewajiban, biaya pengacara yang wajar, dan pengeluaran yang diajukan terhadap Pihak TFH oleh pihak ketiga yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan: penggunaan Layanan oleh Anda; pelanggaran Ketentuan ini oleh Anda; pelanggaran hak pihak lain; perilaku Anda sehubungan dengan Layanan; atau penggunaan WLD, Token Digital, atau jaringan Worldcoin oleh Anda. Beberapa yurisdiksi membatasi penggantian kerugian konsumen, sehingga beberapa atau seluruh ketentuan penggantian kerugian dalam ayat ini mungkin tidak berlaku bagi Anda. Jika Anda diwajibkan untuk mengganti rugi Para Pihak TFH, kami berhak, atas kebijakan kami, untuk mengendalikan tindakan atau proses hukum dan menetapkan apakah kami akan menyelesaikannya dan ketentuannya.
JIKA ANDA ADALAH PENDUDUK CALIFORNIA, Anda mengesampingkan manfaat dan perlindungan Kitab Undang-Undang Hukum Perdata California § 1542, yang berbunyi: "[a] pembebasan umum tidak mencakup klaim yang tidak diketahui pihak kreditur atau pembebas atau diduga akan menguntungkannya pada waktu pelaksanaan pembebasan, dan, jika diketahui, akan secara signifikan memengaruhi penyelesaian mereka dengan pihak debitur atau pihak yang dibebaskan."
Hukum yang Mengatur
Jika Anda tinggal di Wilayah Ekonomi Eropa (European Economic Area, EEA), maka hukum Republik Federal Jerman akan berlaku untuk Perjanjian ini dan setiap sengketa yang timbul dari atau terkait dengan Perjanjian ini. Jika Anda tinggal di luar EEA, maka hukum Negara Bagian California akan berlaku untuk Perjanjian ini dan setiap sengketa yang timbul dari atau terkait dengan Perjanjian ini. Hukum yang mengatur yang dinyatakan dalam bagian ini akan berlaku tanpa memperhatikan prinsip-prinsip pertentangan hukum. Anda selanjutnya menyetujui bahwa Layanan akan dianggap berbasis sepenuhnya di Negara Bagian California, dan meskipun Layanan dapat tersedia di yurisdiksi lain, ketersediaannya tidak menimbulkan yurisdiksi pribadi umum atau khusus di forum di luar Negara Bagian California.
PENYELESAIAN SENGKETA, ARBITRASE, DAN PENGESAMPINGAN GUGATAN KELOMPOK
HARAP BACA AYAT-AYAT BERIKUT SECARA SAKSAMA. AYAT-AYAT TERSEBUT MEWAJIBKAN ANDA UNTUK MENYELESAIKAN SENGKETA DENGAN KAMI MELALUI ARBITRASE INDIVIDU DI HADAPAN ARBITER TUNGGAL, DAN BUKAN SEBAGAI ANGGOTA GUGATAN KELOMPOK. ARBITRASE MENCEGAH ANDA MENUNTUT KAMI DALAM PENGADILAN ATAU PENGADILAN JURI, MESKIPUN ANDA DAPAT MENGAJUKAN SENGKETA ATAS KAMI DALAM PENGADILAN GUGATAN SEDERHANA JIKA ANDA MEMENUHI SYARAT. 
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") arbitrase akan dilakukan secara rahasia oleh arbiter tunggal. Arbiter akan menerapkan undang-undang pembatasan yang berlaku dan semua hukum yang berlaku serta akan menghormati klaim hak istimewa yang diakui oleh hukum yang berlaku.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") jika Anda tinggal di EEA, maka Sengketa akan sepenuhnya dan akhirnya diselesaikan melalui arbitrase yang dikelola oleh Lembaga Arbitrase Jerman sesuai dengan Aturan Arbitrase DIS. Arbitrase akan diselenggarakan di Berlin, Jerman, kecuali jika Anda dan kami bersama-sama menyetujui tempat penyelenggaraan lain. Anda menyetujui bahwa pengadilan di Berlin, Jerman adalah forum yang tepat untuk setiap banding atas putusan arbitrase atau untuk proses hukum pengadilan apabila klausul arbitrase yang mengikat Perjanjian ini ternyata tidak dapat dilaksanakan.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") jika Anda tinggal di luar EEA, maka Sengketa akan sepenuhnya dan akhirnya diselesaikan melalui arbitrase yang dikelola oleh JAMS sesuai dengan Aturan Arbitrase yang Disederhanakan JAMS, kecuali jika jumlah keseluruhan Sengketa adalah $250.000 atau lebih, dalam hal ini Aturan Arbitrase yang Komprehensif JAMS akan berlaku. Arbitrase akan diselenggarakan di San Francisco, California, kecuali jika Anda dan kami bersama-sama menyetujui tempat penyelenggaraan lain. Anda menyetujui bahwa pengadilan federal dan negara bagian di San Fransisco, California adalah forum yang tepat untuk setiap banding atas putusan arbitrase atau untuk proses hukum pengadilan apabila klausul arbitrase yang mengikat Perjanjian ini ternyata tidak dapat dilaksanakan.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") dalam arbitrase, terlepas dari lokasinya, para pihak tidak akan meminta keterangan informasi satu sama lain, dan arbiter tidak akan mengizinkan para pihak untuk berupaya meminta keterangan; sebaliknya, setiap pihak akan mengungkapkan bukti yang mendukung posisi mereka pada waktu dan tanggal yang telah disetujui bersama sebelum dengar pendapat final arbitrase.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") perjanjian Arbitrase ini mencakup keberlakuan, pencabutan kembali, ruang lingkup, dan keabsahan dari Perjanjian Arbitrase atau setiap bagian dari Perjanjian Arbitrase, dan seluruh Sengketa lain yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan penafsiran atau pemberlakuan Perjanjian Arbitrase; dan semua persoalan tersebut akan diputuskan oleh arbiter dan bukan oleh pengadilan atau hakim.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") jika arbiter atau administrator arbitrase mengenakan biaya pengajuan atau ongkos administratif lain kepada Anda, kami akan mengganti biaya Anda, berdasarkan permintaan, apabila biaya atau ongkos tersebut melebihi yang seharusnya Anda bayarkan jika Anda melakukan proses hukum di pengadilan. Kami juga akan membayar biaya atau ongkos tambahan jika diwajibkan oleh aturan administrator arbitrase atau hukum yang berlaku.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") atas permintaan salah satu pihak, semua proses hukum arbitrase akan dilakukan secara rahasia dan, dalam hal ini, semua dokumen, testimoni, dan catatan akan diterima, didengar, dan disimpan oleh arbiter secara rahasia dengan segel, yang hanya dapat dilihat oleh para pihak, masing-masing pengacara mereka, dan masing-masing pakar, konsultan, atau saksi mereka yang telah menyetujui sebelumnya dan secara tertulis, untuk menerima seluruh informasi tersebut sebagai informasi rahasia yang akan digunakan sepenuhnya untuk tujuan arbitrase.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") selain prosedur dan pemulihan kelompok yang dibahas dalam Perjanjian Arbitrase ini, arbiter berwenang untuk memberikan pemulihan yang seharusnya tersedia di pengadilan.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") keputusan atas putusan yang dibuat oleh arbiter dapat diajukan dalam pengadilan di yurisdiksi yang berwenang.
Kami akan menggunakan upaya terbaik untuk menyelesaikan potensi sengketa melalui negosiasi informal dengan iktikad baik. Apabila timbul potensi sengketa, Anda harus menghubungi kami melalui email ke legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, sehingga kami dapat berupaya menyelesaikannya tanpa membawanya ke jalur penyelesaian sengketa formal. Jika kami tidak mampu menyelesaikannya secara informal dalam waktu 60 hari setelah penerimaan email Anda, dan Anda memilih mengajukan gugatan hukum federal atau negara bagian, gugatan hukum umum, gugatan didasarkan pada kontrak, kesalahan, penipuan, pernyataan menyesatkan, atau teori hukum lainnya, atau proses hukum formal lainnya yang timbul dari atau sehubungan dengan Ketentuan ini, Konten, atau Layanan (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Sengketa"), maka Anda menyetujui untuk menyelesaikan Sengketa melalui arbitrase mengikat, atas dasar individu sesuai dengan ketentuan-ketentuan berikut (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Perjanjian Arbitrase") jika persyaratan untuk melakukan arbitrase atau pelarangan terhadap gugatan kelompok dan Sengketa lainnya yang diajukan atas nama pihak ketiga yang tercantum dalam Perjanjian Arbitrase ini dinyatakan tidak dapat diberlakukan, maka hanya ketentuan yang tidak dapat diberlakukan yang akan dianggap dihapus dari Ketentuan ini dan seluruh kewajiban lainnya dalam Ketentuan ini akan tetap berlaku dan memiliki kekuatan penuh.
Hak 30 Hari untuk Keluar. Anda berhak keluar dan tidak terikat oleh Perjanjian Arbitrase ini dengan mengirimkan email dari alamat yang Anda gunakan untuk membuat aplikasi Anda dengan Baris Subjek: "KELUAR DARI ARBITRASE DAN PENGESAMPINGAN GUGATAN KELOMPOK. Anda harus mengirimkan email Anda dalam waktu 30 hari setelah menyetujui Ketentuan ini, jika tidak, Anda akan terikat untuk melakukan arbitrase Sengketa sesuai dengan ketentuan dalam Perjanjian Arbitrase ini. Jika Anda keluar dari Perjanjian Arbitrase ini, kami juga tidak akan terikat oleh Perjanjian Arbitrase.
Perubahan pada Perjanjian Arbitrase ini. Kami akan melakukan pemberitahuan dalam waktu 30 hari atas segala perubahan pada bagian Ketentuan ini yang berjudul "Penyelesaian Sengketa, Arbitrase, dan Pengesampingan Gugatan Kelompok" melalui pemberitahuan kepada Anda, dan perubahan akan berlaku dalam waktu 30 hari setelah Anda menerima pemberitahuan dari kami. Perubahan pada bagian berjudul Penyelesaian Sengketa, Arbitrase, dan Pengesampingan Gugatan Kelompok akan berlaku secara prospektif hanya bagi Sengketa yang timbul setelah hari ke-30. Jika pengadilan atau arbiter menyatakan bahwa perubahan pada bagian ini tidak dapat diberlakukan atau tidak sah, maka perubahan tersebut akan dipisahkan dari Ketentuan ini dan pengadilan atau arbiter tersebut akan memberlakukan ketentuan Perjanjian Arbitrase pertama yang berlaku setelah Anda mulai menggunakan Layanan. Anda dapat menggunakan hak Anda untuk keluar dari ketentuan Perjanjian Arbitrase yang baru dengan mengikuti prosedur yang ditetapkan pada bagian di atas berjudul "Hak 30 Hari untuk Keluar."
Perjanjian Arbitrase ini akan tetap berlaku setelah pengakhiran Ketentuan ini, dan penggunaan Anda atas Layanan.
Tanpa mengabaikan segala hal yang bertentangan dalam Perjanjian Arbitrase ini, pihak mana pun dapat mengajukan gugatan semata-mata untuk memperoleh putusan sela ganti rugi guna menghentikan penggunaan tanpa izin atau penyalahgunaan Layanan, atau pelanggaran hak atas kekayaan intelektual (contohnya, merek dagang, rahasia dagang, hak cipta, atau hak paten) tanpa terlebih dahulu terlibat dalam arbitrase atau proses penyelesaian sengketa informal yang dijelaskan di atas.
Ketentuan Umum
Tanpa Pengesampingan; Keterpisahan; Tidak Dapat Ditugaskan. Kegagalan kami dalam memberlakukan ketentuan bukan pengesampingan hak kami untuk melakukannya nanti. Jika ada ketentuan yang tidak dapat dilaksanakan, ketentuan lain dalam Ketentuan ini akan tetap berlaku sepenuhnya dan ketentuan yang dapat diberlakukan akan diganti semaksimal mungkin yang mencerminkan maksud kami. Anda tidak boleh menetapkan hak Anda berdasarkan Ketentuan ini, dan setiap upaya tersebut akan batal. Kami dapat menetapkan haknya kepada afiliasi atau anak perusahaannya, atau kepada penerusnya demi kepentingan bisnis yang terkait dengan Layanan.
Keseluruhan Perjanjian. Ketentuan ini merupakan pernyataan perjanjian lengkap dan eksklusif antara Anda dan kami sehubungan dengan Layanan dan menggantikan seluruh kesepahaman, perjanjian, pernyataan, dan jaminan sebelumnya dan bersamaan, baik secara tertulis maupun lisan, sehubungan dengan Layanan. Judul bagian dalam Ketentuan ini hanya untuk kemudahan dan tidak akan mengatur makna atau penafsiran segala ketentuan ini.
Keberlanjutan. Semua ketentuan dalam Ketentuan ini yang berkaitan dengan penangguhan atau pengakhiran, utang yang wajib dibayarkan kepada TFH, penggunaan umum Layanan, Sengketa dengan TFH, serta ketentuan ini yang sifatnya melampaui kedaluwarsa atau pengakhiran Ketentuan ini, akan tetap berlaku setelah pengakhiran atau kedaluwarsa Ketentuan ini.
Hubungan Para Pihak. Ketentuan ini tidak akan dianggap atau dimaksudkan untuk dianggap, serta tidak akan menyebabkan Anda dan TFH diperlakukan sebagai mitra, pelaku usaha bersama, atau sebagai asosiasi bersama untuk mendapatkan keuntungan, dan Anda maupun TFH tidak akan diperlakukan sebagai agen satu sama lain. Termasuk fakta bahwa Ketentuan ini tidak menetapkan atau dimaksudkan untuk menetapkan segala hubungan kerja antara Anda dan TFH.
Tidak Ada Saran Profesional atau Kewajiban Fidusia. Semua Konten yang diberikan oleh kami hanya untuk tujuan informasi dan tidak boleh dianggap sebagai saran profesional. Anda tidak boleh mengambil, atau menahan diri dari mengambil, segala tindakan didasarkan pada informasi yang terdapat dalam Layanan. Sebelum Anda mengambil segala keputusan keuangan, hukum, atau lainnya yang melibatkan Layanan atau segala Token Digital, Anda harus meminta saran profesional independen dari individu yang berlisensi dan berkualifikasi di bidang tersebut yang sarannya akan sesuai. Ketentuan ini tidak dimaksudkan untuk, dan tidak, membuat atau membebankan segala kewajiban fidusia kepada kami. Apabila diizinkan oleh Undang-Undang, Anda menyatakan dan menyetujui bahwa kami tidak memiliki kewajiban fidusia atau tanggung jawab kepada Anda atau pihak lain, dan apabila kewajiban atau tanggung jawab tersebut dapat ada berdasarkan hukum atau dalam asas kesetaraan, kewajiban dan tanggung jawab tersebut dengan ini secara kekal dinafikan, dikesampingkan, dan dihilangkan. Anda selanjutnya menyetujui bahwa satu-satunya kewajiban dan tanggung jawab yang kami miliki kepada Anda ditetapkan secara tegas dalam Ketentuan ini.
Perubahan Kendali. Apabila kami diakuisisi oleh atau bergabung dengan entitas pihak ketiga, atau dengan cara lain menetapkan fungsi tertentu kepada entitas afiliasi atau penerus atau entitas lain yang ditentukan kami demi kepentingan terbaik Pengguna, maka kami berhak, dalam segala situasi tersebut, untuk mengalihkan atau menetapkan Data yang telah kami kumpulkan dari Anda sebagai bagian dari merger, akuisisi, penjualan, atau perubahan kendali lainnya.
Keadaan Kahar. Kami tidak akan bertanggung jawab atas penundaan, kegagalan pelaksanaan, atau gangguan layanan yang secara langsung atau tidak langsung diakibatkan dari gejolak pasar Token Digital yang signifikan, bencana alam, tindakan otoritas sipil atau militer, tindakan terorisme, gangguan sipil, perang, pemogokan, keadaan darurat kesehatan, sengketa tenaga kerja, kebakaran, gangguan layanan telekomunikasi atau Internet atau layanan penyedia jaringan, kegagalan peralatan atau perangkat lunak, atau segala sebab atau kondisi di luar kendali wajar kami (masing-masing disebut sebagai "Peristiwa Keadaan Kahar"). Berlangsungnya Peristiwa Keadaan Kahar tidak akan memengaruhi keabsahan dan keberlakuan segala ketentuan lain dalam Ketentuan ini.
Toko Aplikasi Worldcoin. Di mana pun Anda mengunduh Aplikasi Worldcoin kami baik dari toko aplikasi Worldcoin maupun platform distribusi selain dari Apple App Store, termasuk Google Play Store ("Platform Distribusi"), Anda menyetujui bahwa ketentuan adalah antara Anda dan kami, dan bukan dengan penyedia Platform Distribusi ("Penyedia Toko").
Toko Aplikasi Worldcoin. Di mana pun Anda mengunduh Aplikasi Worldcoin kami baik dari toko aplikasi Worldcoin maupun platform distribusi selain dari Apple App Store, termasuk Google Play Store ("Platform Distribusi"), Anda menyetujui bahwa penggunaan Aplikasi Worldcoin oleh Anda harus mematuhi Ketentuan Layanan Platform Distribusi Penyedia Toko yang berlaku saat itu.
Toko Aplikasi Worldcoin. Di mana pun Anda mengunduh Aplikasi Worldcoin kami baik dari toko aplikasi Worldcoin maupun platform distribusi selain dari Apple App Store, termasuk Google Play Store ("Platform Distribusi"), Anda menyetujui bahwa penyedia Toko hanya penyedia Platform Distribusi tempat Anda memperoleh Aplikasi Worldcoin.
Toko Aplikasi Worldcoin. Di mana pun Anda mengunduh Aplikasi Worldcoin kami baik dari toko aplikasi Worldcoin maupun platform distribusi selain dari Apple App Store, termasuk Google Play Store ("Platform Distribusi"), Anda menyetujui bahwa kami, dan bukan Penyedia Toko, bertanggung jawab penuh atas Aplikasi Worldcoin.
Toko Aplikasi Worldcoin. Di mana pun Anda mengunduh Aplikasi Worldcoin kami baik dari toko aplikasi Worldcoin maupun platform distribusi selain dari Apple App Store, termasuk Google Play Store ("Platform Distribusi"), Anda menyetujui bahwa penyedia Toko tidak memiliki kewajiban atau tanggung jawab kepada Anda sehubungan dengan Aplikasi Worldcoin atau Ketentuan; dan
Toko Aplikasi Worldcoin. Di mana pun Anda mengunduh Aplikasi Worldcoin kami baik dari toko aplikasi Worldcoin maupun platform distribusi selain dari Apple App Store, termasuk Google Play Store ("Platform Distribusi"), Anda menyetujui bahwa anda mengakui dan menyetujui bahwa Penyedia Toko adalah penerima pihak ketiga dari Ketentuan yang terkait dengan Aplikasi Worldcoin.
Apple App Store. Bagian ini berlaku apabila Aplikasi Worldcoin telah diperoleh dari Apple App Store. Anda mengakui dan menyetujui bahwa Ketentuan ini semata-mata antara Anda dan kami, bukan Apple, Inc. ("Apple") dan bahwa Apple tidak bertanggung jawab atas Aplikasi Worldcoin atau kontennya. Penggunaan Aplikasi Worldcoin oleh Anda harus mematuhi Ketentuan Layanan Toko Aplikasi Worldcoin.
Anda mengakui bahwa Apple tidak memiliki kewajiban apa pun untuk memberikan layanan pemeliharaan dan dukungan sehubungan dengan Aplikasi Worldcoin. Dalam hal kegagalan Aplikasi Worldcoin untuk memenuhi jaminan yang berlaku, Anda dapat memberi tahu Apple, dan (apabila berlaku) Apple akan mengembalikan harga pembelian Aplikasi Worldcoin kepada Anda; sejauh diizinkan oleh undang-undang yang berlaku, Apple tidak akan memiliki kewajiban jaminan lain apa pun sehubungan dengan Aplikasi Worldcoin, dan klaim, kerugian, kewajiban, kerusakan, biaya, atau pengeluaran yang disebabkan oleh kegagalan untuk mematuhi jaminan akan sepenuhnya diatur oleh Ketentuan dan hukum yang berlaku untuk kami sebagai penyedia Aplikasi Worldcoin.
Anda mengakui bahwa Apple tidak bertanggung jawab untuk menangani klaim dari Anda atau pihak ketiga yang terkait dengan Aplikasi Worldcoin atau kepemilikan dan/atau penggunaan Aplikasi Worldcoin oleh Anda, termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada: klaim kewajiban produk; klaim bahwa Aplikasi Worldcoin gagal memenuhi persyaratan hukum atau peraturan yang berlaku; dan klaim yang timbul berdasarkan perlindungan konsumen atau undang-undang serupa; dan semua klaim tersebut hanya diatur oleh Ketentuan dan undang-undang yang berlaku untuk kami sebagai penyedia perangkat lunak.
Anda mengakui bahwa, apabila terdapat klaim pihak ketiga bahwa Aplikasi Worldcoin atau kepemilikan dan penggunaan Aplikasi Worldcoin oleh Anda tersebut melanggar hak atas kekayaan intelektual pihak ketiga, TFH, bukan Apple, akan bertanggung jawab penuh atas penyelidikan, pembelaan, penyelesaian, dan pelepasan dari setiap klaim pelanggaran kekayaan intelektual sejauh yang disyaratkan oleh Ketentuan.
Anda menyatakan dan menjamin bahwa Anda tidak berada di negara yang terkena embargo Pemerintah A. S., atau yang telah ditetapkan oleh Pemerintah A. S. sebagai negara "pendukung teroris"; dan Anda tidak terdaftar dalam daftar pihak yang dilarang atau dibatasi oleh Pemerintah A. S.
Anda dan TFH mengakui serta menyetujui bahwa Apple, dan anak perusahaan Apple, adalah penerima manfaat pihak ketiga dari Ketentuan Layanan yang terkait dengan lisensi Aplikasi Worldcoin Anda, dan bahwa, setelah Anda menerima ketentuan dan persyaratan Ketentuan Layanan, Apple akan memiliki hak (dan akan dianggap telah menerima hak) untuk memberlakukan Ketentuan Layanan yang terkait dengan lisensi Aplikasi Worldcoin Anda terhadap Anda sebagai penerima manfaat pihak ketiga.
Penanganan Pengaduan. Kami telah menunjuk Petugas Pengaduan untuk India sebagaimana dijelaskan di bawah. Harap diperhatikan bahwa kontak Petugas Pengaduan hanya boleh dihubungi oleh pengguna di India sesuai dengan Aturan Teknologi Informasi (Pedoman Perantara dan Pedoman Perilaku Media Digital) India, 2021. Verifikasi pengguna tambahan dapat diminta.
Petugas Pengaduan: Jannick Preiwisch
ID EMAIL: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Termos e Condições do Utilizador da Tools For Humanity
Bem-vindo à comunidade Worldcoin! A Worldcoin consiste num protocolo de código-fonte aberto, que conta com o apoio de uma comunidade global de programadores, indivíduos e outros contribuidores. A Tools for Humanity é uma empresa global de desenvolvimento de software e hardware que constrói as ferramentas para fazer chegar as tecnologias e produtos blockchain e de identidade digital a milhares de milhões de pessoas, inclusive contribuindo para o desenvolvimento e crescimento do ecossistema da Worldcoin. 
Estes Termos acordados entre si e a Tools for Humanity Corporation, uma empresa do Delaware (em conjunto com as nossas afiliadas, "TFH", "nós" ou "nos") regem a sua utilização e acesso aos nossos websites e Aplicações, incluindo a Aplicação World e a Aplicação Operator (coletivamente, as ("Apps"), e a todas as funcionalidades, conteúdos e serviços associados que lhe fornecemos (coletivamente, os "Serviços") no âmbito do protocolo Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Leia atentamente estes Termos antes de utilizar ou aceder aos Serviços. Ao aceder ou utilizar qualquer dos Serviços que fornecemos, estará a aceitar expressamente ficar vinculado a estes Termos e à nossa Declaração de Confidencialidade, que está incorporada e faz parte integrante destes Termos.
Tenha em atenção alguns pontos particularmente importantes destes Termos o utilizador aceita resolver quaisquer litígios entre si e a TFH através de uma arbitragem vinculativa e não através dos tribunais. Para mais informações, consulte a Secção 15 abaixo.
Os produtos cripto, incluindo os Tokens Digitais, permanecem, no essencial, não regulamentados e podem ser altamente arriscados. Pode não haver possibilidade de recurso a uma entidade reguladora em caso de qualquer perda resultante dessas transações.
Nada nos Serviços constitui uma oferta de venda, ou a solicitação de uma proposta de compra de quaisquer títulos ou Tokens Digitais. Os Serviços não constituem aconselhamento em matéria de investimento. A posse, compra ou venda de Tokens Digitais (tal como disposto na Secção abaixo) pode não ser permitida no seu local de residência, sendo sua a responsabilidade de cumprir toda a legislação aplicável. Deve ponderar se a compra, venda, utilização ou posse de Tokens Digitais lhe convém à luz da sua situação financeira e do seu entendimento dos Tokens Digitais. Os Tokens Digitais podem sofrer rápidas alterações de valor e, inclusive, perder todo o seu valor. 
Além disso, os tokens Worldcoin ("WLD") não estão disponíveis para utilização, compra ou acesso por pessoas dos EUA, incluindo cidadãos dos EUA, residentes ou pessoas dos Estados Unidos, nem por empresas constituídas, localizadas ou domiciliadas nos Estados Unidos, ou que tenham um agente registado nos Estados Unidos. Não disponibilizamos o WLD a essas pessoas dos EUA. Além disso, aceita não vender, transferir ou disponibilizar WLD a pessoas dos EUA. 
Estão disponíveis mais informações sobre os riscos associados ao WLD aqui. 
Âmbito dos Termos
Privacidade e os seus dados. O acesso às Aplicações poderá implicar fornecer-nos categorias de informações pessoais, como o seu nome ou número de telefone. Se facultar informações a fim de permitir estabelecer a validade do seu comprovativo de individualidade e de poder reclamar os seus tokens WLD, nesse caso, poderá fornecer categorias especiais de dados pessoais sensíveis, tais como as suas informações biométricas. A nossa Declaração de Confidencialidade descreve os dados que recolhemos junto de si e como os utilizamos. Não utilize os Serviços se não pretender que os seus dados sejam recolhidos ou utilizados por nós, conforme descrito na Declaração de Confidencialidade. 
Elegibilidade. Para utilizar os Serviços terá de cumprir estes Termos e todas as leis aplicáveis. Não pode utilizar os Serviços para realizar, promover ou ajudar terceiros a levar a cabo qualquer atividade ilegal.
Além disso, tem de cumprir todos os seguintes critérios ter 18 anos de idade ou mais; e
Além disso, tem de cumprir todos os seguintes critérios não estar localizado, sob o controlo, ou ser cidadão ou residente dos seguintes países ou regiões: Síria, regiões da Crimeia, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson e Zaporizhzhia na Ucrânia, Rússia, Coreia do Norte, Irão, Cuba ou qualquer outro país ou região cujo acesso aos Serviços esteja sujeito a restrições impostas pelos Estados Unidos, pela União Europeia ou por qualquer outro país ou jurisdição.
Além disso, tem de cumprir todos os seguintes critérios não ser um "Cidadão Especialmente Designado", conforme declarado pelo Serviço de Controlo dos Ativos Estrangeiros (Office of Foreign Assets Control, "OFAC") do Departamento do Tesouro dos Estados Unidos, não estar incluído nas listas de pessoas sujeitas a sanções de qualquer outro país, nem o seu nome constar da Lista de Pessoas não Admitidas do Departamento de Comércio dos EUA ou das listas de pessoas interditas de qualquer outro país.
Se não cumprir todos estes requisitos, não terá permissão para aceder ou utilizar os Serviços. 
Disponibilidade. As páginas Web que descrevem os Serviços podem ser acedidas em qualquer parte do mundo, o que não significa que todos os Serviços ou funcionalidades de um serviço sejam legais ou estejam disponíveis no seu país. O acesso a determinados Serviços (ou determinadas funcionalidades de um Serviço) em determinados países pode ser bloqueado por nós ou por governos estrangeiros. O acesso ao Orb e aos nossos Operadores Orb não estará disponível no Texas, Illinois, Washington, Portland, OR e Baltimore, MD. Não pode utilizar VPN ou ferramentas semelhantes com o objetivo de contornar quaisquer restrições. O acesso às Aplicações e a determinadas funcionalidades das Aplicações pode estar indisponível ou restringido, dependendo da sua localização. É da sua responsabilidade garantir que a sua utilização dos Serviços é legal no local em que os utiliza. Os serviços não estão disponíveis em todos os idiomas. 
Atualizações. Poderemos introduzir alterações pontuais nestes Termos. Se o fizermos, disponibilizaremos a versão atualizada dos Termos nos Serviços. O utilizador compreende e aceita que a sua utilização continuada dos Serviços depois de introduzidas essas alterações constitui a sua aceitação da versão atualizada dos Termos. Pode parar de utilizar os Serviços em qualquer momento se não concordar com estes Termos. Uma vez que os Serviços evoluem ao longo do tempo, poderemos alterar ou descontinuar a totalidade ou qualquer parte dos Serviços, a qualquer momento e sem aviso prévio, ao nosso exclusivo critério.
Outros Termos. Determinadas aplicações, conteúdos, funcionalidades ou partes dos Serviços podem estar sujeitas a outros termos e condições, os quais lhe serão facultados, passando a fazer parte integrante destes Termos.
Serviços
Carteira sem custódia
A Aplicação World inclui uma carteira independente e sem custódia que serve para guardar criptomoedas suportadas, tokens não fungíveis (non-fungible tokens, NFT), moedas digitais ou ativos digitais (incluindo WLD e, coletivamente, "Tokens Digitais"). É o utilizador quem controla os Tokens Digitais que mantém na carteira. Com a Aplicação World, as chaves privadas (que representam a palavra-passe de acesso à criptomoeda) são armazenadas diretamente no seu dispositivo. O utilizador poderá a qualquer momento, dependendo do seu acesso à Internet e do congestionamento na blockchain, levantar os seus Tokens Digitais enviando-os para um endereço de blockchain diferente. Enquanto mantiver os seus Tokens Digitais na carteira, não temos qualquer controlo sobre a sua carteira, os Tokens Digitais ou as chaves privadas. Os utilizadores são responsáveis pelo risco de perda das suas chaves privadas, não tendo a TFH nem a Aplicação World qualquer possibilidade de as recuperar.
Uma vez que a Aplicação World é uma carteira sem custódia, ser-lhe-á atribuído um endereço de carteira que especifica onde os seus Tokens Digitais são mantidos na blockchain correspondente. O endereço da sua carteira pode ser acedido por outras soluções de carteira sem custódia.
Tokens Digitais suportados
A Aplicação World suporta tokens ERC-20. Poderemos acrescentar suporte para outros Tokens Digitais no futuro. A Aplicação World permite-lhe ver quais os Tokens Digitais que suportamos. 
O utilizador compreende que se enviar Tokens Digitais não suportados para o endereço da sua carteira na Aplicação World poderá perder totalmente o acesso a esses Tokens Digitais. Não temos forma de recuperar os Tokens Digitais enviados para o endereço de carteira errado. Certifique-se de que envia sempre os Tokens Digitais corretos para o endereço de carteira apropriado e faça sempre primeiro uma transação de teste com uma pequena quantidade de Tokens Digitais.
Ofertas e acesso
Quando interagir com os seus Tokens Digitais, p. ex., ao enviá-los para outro endereço blockchain ou ao conectar-se a uma aplicação distribuída, utilizando os Serviços, terá de aprovar ou "assinar" a interação através dos dispositivos que identificou durante o processo de integração. As Aplicações dependem totalmente das suas aprovações a partir destes dispositivos para dar início às interações com a blockchain relevante. Ao realizar estas interações compreende que está a interagir diretamente com a blockchain relevante e que não somos responsáveis por transmitir pedidos em seu nome. 
Informações sobre terceiros
Ao utilizar os Serviços, poderá ter acesso a informações relativas aos seus Tokens Digitais, tais como, nomeadamente, o seu valor de mercado à data. A apresentação destas informações não implica qualquer associação ou aval de terceiros, mesmo que determinadas funcionalidades disponibilizadas no âmbito dos Serviços exijam a utilização desses produtos de terceiros. O conteúdo desses serviços e produtos de terceiros, conforme indicado através dos Serviços, baseia-se em informações disponibilizadas publicamente ou por esses terceiros à nossa empresa, pelo que não prestamos quaisquer declarações ou garantias sobre a exatidão dessas informações relacionadas com serviços ou produtos de terceiros.
Serviços de terceiros
Os Serviços podem disponibilizar-lhe hiperligações para processadores terceiros para o processamento de transações, tais como compras fiduciárias de Tokens Digitais, venda de Tokens Digitais, troca de Tokens Digitais e outras funcionalidades que venham a estar disponíveis no futuro. A Aplicação World permite-lhe ver quais os serviços de terceiros que se encontram disponíveis. Ao realizar estas transações, está a efetuar transações com terceiros e não connosco. Deve seguir as instruções relevantes fornecidas pelo fornecedor terceiro e aceitar os seus termos de serviço. Não assumimos o controlo dos seus fundos ou Tokens Digitais nem os transmitimos em momento algum durante o fornecimento dos nossos Serviços ou quando acede a serviços de terceiros.
Transações entre pares
Os Serviços permitem-lhe enviar Tokens Digitais suportados para terceiros e solicitar, receber e armazenar Tokens Digitais suportados de terceiros, bastando para isso iniciar essas operações através dos Serviços. A sua transferência de Tokens Digitais suportados entre as suas outras carteiras de blockchain, bem como de e para terceiros constitui uma transferência. Quando o utilizador ou um terceiro envia Tokens Digitais para o endereço da sua carteira, a pessoa que inicia a transação é a única responsável por executá-la adequadamente, o que pode incluir, entre outras coisas, o pagamento das taxas de rede ou de mineração necessárias, para que a transação seja bem-sucedida. O pagamento insuficiente das taxas de rede pode resultar em que uma transferência permaneça no estado pendente e em atrasos ou perdas causadas por um erro no início da transação. Não temos qualquer obrigação de prestar assistência na resolução dessas transações. Ao enviar qualquer Token Digital da sua carteira para outra carteira blockchain, essas transferências são executadas em cadeia por si e não sob o nosso controlo. Deve verificar todas as informações relativas à transação antes de as enviar. Não assumimos qualquer obrigação ou responsabilidade se introduzir um endereço de destino blockchain incorreto. As transferências de Tokens Digitais não podem ser revertidas depois de terem sido transmitidas para a rede blockchain relevante, mas podem permanecer no estado pendente, e ser designadas como tal, enquanto a transação estiver a ser processada pelos operadores de rede. Não controlamos a rede e não garantimos que toda a transferência seja confirmada pela rede.
Marketplace P2P
Quando disponível, oferecemos um Marketplace P2P para comprar e vender determinados Tokens Digitais. O Marketplace P2P é regido por termos suplementares, que poderá consultar aqui. 
Aplicações descentralizadas
Poderemos ter funcionalidades que lhe permitem associar a sua carteira a várias aplicações descentralizadas. Nesse caso, o utilizador é o único responsável por garantir a segurança e proteção destas aplicações de terceiros. Não temos controlo sobre as aplicações de terceiros e não podemos prestar assistência para ultrapassar quaisquer problemas com que se venha a deparar ao estabelecer a ligação com aplicações de terceiros.
Apoio ao cliente
Prestamos apoio ao cliente para ajudar com determinadas funcionalidades e funções relacionadas com os Serviços. Para contactar esse serviço, selecione "Apoio" no menu da aplicação. 
Protocolo World ID
A Fundação Worldcoin controla o Protocolo World ID. Poderemos disponibilizar-lhe o Protocolo World ID através do Serviço. O Protocolo World ID permite-lhe provar que é um ser humano real e único, protegendo simultaneamente a sua privacidade. 
Ao aderir ao World ID, confirma que nunca o fez e que está a fazê-lo apenas uma vez. Apesar de envidarmos todos os esforços a fim de assegurar que o World ID não contém erros, não há garantia de que o serviço seja 100% fiável e exato. Além disso, existe a possibilidade de ocorrer um falso positivo, quando tentar aderir ao World ID pela primeira vez. Ao utilizar o World ID, estará a aceitar todos os termos e condições aqui contidos, incluindo os termos estabelecidos pela Fundação Worldcoin. 
Aprender para ganhar
Poderemos disponibilizar-lhe determinados materiais informativos e questionários na Aplicação World ("L2E"). Depois de concluir um curso L2E, poderá receber Ativos Digitais como recompensa. As informações fornecidas na funcionalidade L2E têm fins meramente informativos e podem não estar totalmente completas, corretas ou atualizadas. Não somos responsáveis pelo conteúdo da funcionalidade L2E e não deve basear-se nas informações nela contidas. 
A recompensa proporcionada pela funcionalidade L2E consiste num montante nominal e discricionário de Ativos Digitais que lhe fornecemos. Para poder participar no L2E e receber as recompensas terá de ter uma World ID. O utilizador é o único responsável por cumprir todas as obrigações relacionadas com a recompensa que recebe, incluindo obrigações fiscais. Poderemos suspender a funcionalidade L2E a qualquer momento e sem aviso prévio. 
Fundos e Reservas WLD
Uma vez concluída com sucesso a sua adesão ao World ID, poderemos permitir-lhe requerer um pequeno montante de WLD em intervalos diferentes ("Fundos WLD"). Se ainda não aderiu ao World ID, podemos permitir-lhe uma reserva antecipada de Fundos WLD ("Reservas WLD"). Os Fundos e Reservas WLD são disponibilizados pela World Assets Limited, uma subsidiária da Fundação Worldcoin. Os montantes, intervalos e prazos exatos dos Fundos e Reservas WLD serão especificados na Aplicação World, embora sejam determinados exclusivamente pela World Assets Limited. Ao permitir-lhe solicitar Reservas WLD, não garantimos que irá receber qualquer montante de Fundos WLD. As Reservas WLD podem expirar, com ou sem aviso prévio na Aplicação World, independentemente de já ter feito uma Reserva WLD ou recebido os Fundos WLD associados. Podem ser revogados a nosso exclusivo critério. 
Aplicação Operator
No que diz respeito a Operadores Orb e outros parceiros, disponibilizamos uma Aplicação Operator que lhe permite monitorizar determinadas atividades e estatísticas relevantes para si e para o seu negócio enquanto Operador Orb. Poderemos também disponibilizar determinadas funcionalidades para o ajudar a conduzir o seu negócio enquanto Operador Orb.
Compras, taxas e impostos
Taxas de transação. Ao utilizar os Serviços, aceita pagar todas as taxas aplicáveis, incluindo taxas de transação relativas a trocas ("swaps") e transações de Tokens Digitais. Será informado de qualquer taxa aplicável antes de efetuar uma transação. Se utilizar um serviço de pagamento prestado por terceiros, as taxas bancárias, de cartão de crédito e de cartão de débito cobradas pela compra de Tokens Digitais podem vir a ser deduzidas do montante liquidado das suas compras de Tokens Digitais. Também é responsável pelo pagamento de quaisquer taxas adicionais cobradas pelo seu prestador de serviços financeiros. 
Taxa de rede. As interações com a blockchain também incorrem numa taxa de rede. A taxa de rede é cobrada e paga à rede blockchain, não a nós, a fim de facilitar quaisquer interações. 
Impostos. É da sua exclusiva responsabilidade determinar se, e em que medida, qualquer transação efetuada através dos Serviços está sujeita a impostos, e reter, cobrar, comunicar e remeter o montante correto de impostos às autoridades fiscais competentes. 
Atualizações. Todas as taxas estão em vigor e são apresentadas conforme constam dos Serviços, podendo ser atualizadas e alteradas ocasionalmente.
Fatores de risco
Não é moeda corrente. Os Tokens Digitais não são moeda corrente, não são apoiados por qualquer governo e as contas de Tokens Digitais e saldos de valor nos Serviços não estão sujeitos a medidas de proteção aplicadas pela Companhia Federal de Seguros de Depósitos ("Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation"), Companhia de Proteção ao Investidor de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários ("Securities Investor Protection Corporation") ou medidas de proteção semelhantes existentes noutros países. Não somos um banco e não oferecemos serviços fiduciários. As transações efetuadas através da Aplicação World permanecem, no essencial, não regulamentadas em muitos países. Não garantimos a funcionalidade dos blockchains que suportamos, o que pode, entre outras coisas, resultar em atrasos, conflitos de interesses ou decisões operacionais tomadas por terceiros que sejam desfavoráveis para determinados proprietários de Tokens Digitais, ou na sua impossibilidade de concluir uma transação através dos Serviços. Os detalhes da transação que enviar através dos Serviços podem não estar completos ou podem sofrer atrasos substanciais na respetiva blockchain, pelo que não assumimos qualquer responsabilidade no caso de uma transação não ser confirmada ou processada conforme esperado. Não há qualquer garantia de que uma transferência iniciada através dos Serviços transferirá com sucesso a titularidade ou direito sobre qualquer Token Digital. Além disso, a utilização de determinados Ativos Digitais, como a WLD, pode implicar riscos específicos. Estão disponíveis mais informações sobre os riscos especificamente inerentes à WLD aqui. 
Nova tecnologia. Os Serviços são novos. Apesar de este software ter sido amplamente testado, o software utilizado para os Serviços ainda é relativamente novo e pode conter erros ("bugs") ou vulnerabilidades de segurança. Além disso, o software ainda se encontra na fase de desenvolvimento, pelo que pode sofrer alterações significativas ao longo do tempo e, eventualmente, não corresponder às expectativas dos utilizadores.
Risco de segurança da informação. Os Tokens Digitais e a utilização dos Serviços podem vir a ser expropriados ou roubados. Os piratas informáticos ou outros grupos ou organizações mal intencionados podem tentar interferir com os Serviços de várias formas, incluindo, sem caráter limitativo, ataques de malware, ataques de negação de serviço, ataques consensuais, ataques Sybil, "smurfing" (lavagem de dinheiro por meio de pequenas transações) e "spoofing" (disfarce da origem das comunicações). Além disso, uma vez que as redes blockchain que suportamos, tais como o protocolo Ethereum, dependem de software de código-fonte aberto, o software subjacente aos Serviços pode conter erros ou lacunas, intencionais ou não, que podem afetar negativamente os Serviços ou resultar na perda de Tokens Digitais do utilizador ou na sua impossibilidade de aceder ou controlar a sua carteira através dos Serviços. Na eventualidade de um erro ou lacuna no software, poderá não existir qualquer solução, pelo que não garantimos aos utilizadores qualquer solução, reembolso ou compensação.
Exatidão. Apesar de ser nossa intenção facultar informações exatas e atempadas através dos Serviços (incluindo, sem limitações, o conteúdo), estas podem nem sempre ser totalmente exatas, completas ou atuais e podem também incluir imprecisões de ordem técnica ou erros tipográficos. Num esforço de continuar a disponibilizar-lhe informações o mais completas e exatas possível, estas poderão, na medida do permitido pela legislação aplicável, ser alteradas ou atualizadas ocasionalmente sem aviso prévio, o que inclui, sem limitações, informações acerca das nossas políticas, produtos e serviços. Por conseguinte, deve verificar todas as informações antes de confiar nas mesmas. Nesse sentido, todas as decisões baseadas nas informações fornecidas através dos Serviços são da sua exclusiva responsabilidade, pelo que não assumiremos qualquer responsabilidade por essas decisões. 
Disponibilidade. Apesar de nos esforçarmos por prestar-lhe um serviço de excelência, não garantimos que os Serviços estarão disponíveis ininterruptamente. Os Serviços podem estar temporariamente indisponíveis por motivos de manutenção ou outros. Não assumimos qualquer responsabilidade por qualquer erro, omissão, interrupção, eliminação, defeito, atraso no funcionamento ou transmissão, falha na linha de comunicações, roubo, destruição, ou acesso não autorizado ou alterações às comunicações do utilizador. Não somos responsáveis por qualquer tipo de problemas ou avarias técnicas em qualquer rede ou linhas telefónicas, sistemas informáticos online, servidores ou fornecedores, equipamento informático, software, falha no e-mail ou em leitores devido a problemas de ordem técnica ou ao congestionamento de tráfego na Internet ou nos Serviços, ou a uma combinação dos mesmos, incluindo lesões ou danos causados aos utilizadores ou ao computador de qualquer outra pessoa relacionados com ou resultantes da sua interação com os Serviços ou da transferência de materiais no âmbito dos mesmos. Não somos responsáveis por qualquer perda ou dano, prejuízo financeiro ou lucros cessantes, perda de negócios, danos corporais ou morte, resultantes da utilização do Serviço, de qualquer Conteúdo publicado no Serviço ou através do mesmo, ou transmitido aos utilizadores, ou de quaisquer interações entre os utilizadores dos Serviços, online ou offline.
Bifurcações. O software utilizado para criar a WLD é de código-fonte aberto e qualquer pessoa pode copiá-lo e utilizá-lo livremente. Isto significa que qualquer pessoa pode criar uma versão modificada da WLD, também conhecida como "Bifurcação" (em inglês, Fork). No caso de uma Bifurcação ou qualquer outra perturbação de uma rede de Tokens Digitais, poderemos não conseguir suportar qualquer atividade relacionada com a Bifurcação. As transações podem não ficar concluídas, ficar parcialmente concluídas, incorretamente concluídas ou sofrer atrasos substanciais quando ocorre uma Bifurcação. Não assumimos qualquer responsabilidade por perdas em que venha a incorrer, causadas, no todo ou em parte, por uma Bifurcação ou outra perturbação da rede.
Serviços de terceiros. Contamos com fornecedores de serviços terceiros para fornecer algumas funcionalidades nas Aplicações, por exemplo, a capacidade de comprar Ativos Digitais com moeda fiduciária, ou a capacidade de trocar um Ativo Digital por outro. Não prestamos estes serviços e não somos parte nessas transações. O utilizador depende exclusivamente de fornecedores terceiros para usufruir destes serviços, pelo que tem de ter uma conta junto dos fornecedores terceiros e aceitar os respetivos termos. Não poderemos ajudá-lo no caso de se deparar com problemas durante a utilização do serviço desses fornecedores terceiros e não assumimos qualquer responsabilidade pelas transações que efetuar através dos mesmos. 
Propriedade intelectual.
Titularidade. O nosso software, a Aplicação, os Serviços, o Conteúdo, as Marcas (conforme abaixo definidas) e o design, a seleção e organização do Conteúdo nos Serviços (a "PI") estão protegidos por direitos de autor, marca comercial, patente e outros direitos de propriedade intelectual, e pelas leis dos Estados Unidos e de outros países aplicáveis. O utilizador aceita respeitar todos os direitos e leis de propriedade intelectual aplicáveis, bem como quaisquer avisos ou restrições de marcas comerciais, ou direitos de autor previstos no Acordo ou nos Serviços. O utilizador não pode eliminar quaisquer avisos de direitos de autor, marca comercial ou avisos de propriedade contidos na propriedade intelectual. 
Marcas comerciais. A designação Tools for Humanity Corporation, a designação e o design da Worldcoin, o logótipo "Seven Hands" (Sete Mãos) e todos os logótipos e slogans relacionados são marcas comerciais ou marcas de serviço da Tools for Humanity Corporation ou dos seus licenciantes (as "Marcas"). O utilizador não pode copiar, imitar ou utilizar as Marcas, no todo ou em parte, sem a nossa autorização por escrito. Todas as outras marcas comerciais, nomes ou logótipos mencionados no âmbito dos Serviços são propriedade dos respetivos titulares, pelo que o utilizador não pode copiar, imitar ou utilizá-los, no todo ou em parte, sem a autorização por escrito do respetivo titular da marca comercial. A inclusão de marcas de terceiros nos Serviços não constitui uma aprovação, um aval ou recomendação da nossa parte.
Licença e restrições
Licença. Desde que seja elegível para utilizar os Serviços e sob reserva do seu cumprimento dos presentes Termos, concedemos-lhe uma licença limitada para aceder e utilizar os Serviços.
Restrições da licença. O utilizador não poderá republicar o Conteúdo em qualquer site da Internet, Intranet ou Extranet, nem incorporar as informações em qualquer outra base de dados ou compilação, sendo qualquer outra utilização do Conteúdo estritamente proibida. Qualquer utilização dos Serviços, além da especificamente autorizada no presente documento, sem o nosso acordo prévio por escrito, é estritamente proibida e levará à revogação da licença ora concedida. A utilização não autorizada pode também constituir uma violação das leis aplicáveis, incluindo, sem limitações, leis de direitos de autor e marcas comerciais, e regulamentos e estatutos relativos a comunicações aplicáveis. Salvo indicação expressa neste documento, nada nestes Termos deve ser interpretado como o licenciamento de direitos de propriedade intelectual, seja implicitamente, por preclusão ou de outra forma. Esta licença é revogável por nós a qualquer momento sem aviso prévio e com ou sem justa causa.
Governo. Se for um utilizador final do Governo dos EUA, licenciamos-lhe os Serviços como um "Produto Comercial", tal como definido no Código de Regulamentos Federais dos EUA (consultar o C. F. R., Título 48 § § 2.101), sendo os direitos que lhe concedemos relativamente aos Serviços idênticos àqueles que concedemos a todos os outros ao abrigo destes Termos.
Utilização aceitável
O utilizador poderá utilizar os Serviços apenas para seu uso pessoal. Reservamo-nos o direito de rever, cancelar ou suspender o seu acesso ou utilização dos Serviços a qualquer momento e ao nosso exclusivo critério. Os itens que constam da lista de Utilizações Proibidas são apenas exemplos e a lista não é exaustiva; poderemos adicionar ou suprimir utilizações proibidas ao nosso exclusivo critério. 
As Utilizações Proibidas incluem atividade ilegal: qualquer atividade suscetível de constituir ou contribuir para a violação de quaisquer programas de sanções administrados pela OFAC; constituir ou contribuir para a violação de quaisquer leis dos países em que desenvolvemos a nossa atividade; envolver as receitas de qualquer atividade ilegal; ou a publicação, distribuição ou disseminação de qualquer material ou informação ilegal.
As Utilizações Proibidas incluem uso abusivo ou pirataria informática: qualquer atividade que impõe uma carga excessiva ou desproporcionadamente elevada sobre a nossa infraestrutura; que interceta, expropria ou interfere negativamente com sistemas, dados ou informações; que transmite ou carrega por meios eletrónicos, para os Serviços, material que contém vírus, cavalos de Troia, worms, ou outros programas nocivos ou nefastos; ou que constitui uma tentativa de obter acesso não autorizado aos sistemas ou redes de computadores ligados aos Serviços.
As Utilizações Proibidas incluem abuso de outros: qualquer atividade que interfere com o acesso ou utilização dos Serviços por parte de outrem; constitui difamação, abuso, extorsão, assédio, perseguição, ameaça ou de outra forma viola ou infringe os direitos de privacidade, propriedade intelectual, ou quaisquer outros direitos legais de outrem; incita, ameaça, facilita, promove ou encoraja o ódio, a intolerância racial, ou atos violentos contra outrem; ou capta, extrai ou recolhe, sem autorização, os dados de outro utilizador dos Serviços.
As Utilizações Proibidas incluem fraude e outras práticas comerciais desleais: qualquer atividade executada com o intuito de nos defraudar a nós, aos nossos utilizadores ou a qualquer outra pessoa; que nos fornece qualquer informação falsa, inexata ou enganosa; promete recompensas exageradamente elevadas ou vende um serviço sem benefício adicional para o comprador; ou promove outras práticas predatórias e enganosas, incluindo lotarias ilegais, rifas, leilões de taxas de licitação, concursos, sorteios, atividades de jogo ou qualquer outro jogo de azar.
As Utilizações Proibidas incluem violação da propriedade intelectual: qualquer atividade que envolve a venda, distribuição ou o fornecimento de acesso a música, filmes, software contrafeitos, ou outros materiais licenciados sem a devida autorização do titular dos direitos; utiliza a PI (incluindo a marca) sem um consentimento expresso ou de uma forma que nos prejudica a nós ou à nossa marca; sugere um falso aval da nossa parte ou uma falsa relação connosco; ou infringe ou viola qualquer direito de autor, marca comercial, direito de publicidade ou privacidade, ou qualquer outro direito de propriedade nos termos da lei.
As Utilizações Proibidas incluem 8. Operadores Orb
Estabelecemos parcerias com contratantes independentes locais que designamos por "Operadores Orb" e que facilitam as adesões dos utilizadores e ajudam a responder a perguntas que possa ter sobre nós. Estes Operadores Orb receberam formação e têm conhecimentos sobre a Worldcoin. No entanto, não controlamos e declinamos toda a responsabilidade pelo que dizem ou pela forma como se comportam. Os Operadores Orb não são, de modo algum, nossos agentes ou funcionários. Qualquer tentativa, característica, processo, política, norma ou outros esforços desenvolvidos pela TFH no interesse dos seus utilizadores não constitui uma relação laboral ou de agência com um Operador Orb. 
Suspensão
Poderemos suspender e restringir o seu acesso aos Serviços se: formos obrigados por uma intimação, ordem judicial ou ordem vinculativa aparentemente válida de uma autoridade governamental; tivermos motivos razoáveis para suspeitar que o utilizador está a utilizar o Serviço no âmbito de uma Utilização Proibida; a utilização dos Serviços estiver a ser objeto de qualquer contencioso, investigação ou procedimentos governamentais pendentes e/ou percebermos que existe um risco elevado de não conformidade legal ou regulamentar associado à sua atividade; os nossos parceiros de serviço não puderem prestar apoio à sua utilização; o utilizador empreender qualquer ação que consideramos suscetível de contornar os nossos controlos.
Não é uma oferta títulos ou de futuros sobre mercadorias
O conteúdo dos Serviços não constitui uma oferta de compra ou venda, ou a solicitação de uma proposta de compra ou venda de investimentos, títulos, participações em sociedades, mercadorias ou quaisquer outros instrumentos financeiros; o conteúdo ou os Serviços também não constituem, nem podem ser utilizados por ninguém para efeitos ou no âmbito de uma oferta ou solicitação num estado ou jurisdição em que essa oferta ou solicitação não seja autorizada ou permitida, ou a qualquer pessoa a quem seja ilegal fazer tal oferta ou solicitação.
Conteúdo
Confiança no conteúdo; alterações aos Serviços. As informações e materiais que lhe fornecemos através dos Serviços ("Conteúdo") destinam-se exclusivamente a fins de informação geral, sendo que não garantimos a exatidão, utilidade ou integralidade dos mesmos. A confiança por si depositada no nosso Conteúdo é da sua inteira responsabilidade. Não nos responsabilizamos nem aceitamos qualquer responsabilidade por quaisquer ações realizadas ou não pelo utilizador devido ao Conteúdo, ou por qualquer pessoa com quem partilha o Conteúdo. As declarações de outros utilizadores nas quais descrevem a sua utilização dos nossos Serviços, e que estejam disponíveis nos Serviços ou em qualquer outro lugar, não devem ser entendidas como o nosso aval a essas declarações, quando estas forem incompatíveis com estes Termos ou com o nosso Conteúdo. Poderemos atualizar o Conteúdo pontualmente. Contudo, o Conteúdo poderá não estar completo ou atualizado e não temos qualquer obrigação de proceder à sua atualização ou à atualização de qualquer outra parte dos Serviços. Poderemos modificar ou descontinuar, temporária ou permanentemente, qualquer parte ou a totalidade do Conteúdo ou dos Serviços sem aviso prévio. Não seremos responsáveis por qualquer modificação, suspensão ou descontinuação de parte ou da totalidade dos Conteúdos ou Serviços.
Serviços e conteúdos de terceiros. Poderemos disponibilizar hiperligações para materiais educativos, webinars, encontros e promoções em plataformas de redes sociais ("Serviços de Terceiros") que permitem a partilha e colaboração entre utilizadores e outros terceiros. Se partilhar quaisquer informações pessoais, imagens, opiniões, conteúdos ou outros dados nesses serviços, fá-lo-á por sua conta e risco, estando a sua utilização desses serviços sujeita aos termos de utilização e políticas de privacidade desses serviços e não aos nossos. Deve rever os termos de serviços de cada Serviço de Terceiros para compreender melhor os seus direitos e a forma como essas plataformas utilizam os seus dados. Não seremos responsáveis por qualquer perda, roubo, comprometimento ou utilização indevida dos seus dados no âmbito de qualquer Serviço de Terceiros (incluindo negligência), salvo na medida em que a nossa responsabilidade não possa ser limitada nos termos das leis aplicáveis. A sua utilização de qualquer informação fornecida por um Serviço de Terceiros ("Conteúdo de Terceiros") corre por sua conta e risco, pelo que não lhe podemos dar qualquer garantia de que o Conteúdo de Terceiros seja exato, completo, autêntico ou adequado às suas circunstâncias pessoais. O Conteúdo de Terceiros inclui informações fornecidas por outros utilizadores que não foram especificamente avalizados por nós.
Conteúdo do Utilizador. Enquanto membro da comunidade Worldcoin pode publicar mensagens, dados, programas, imagens, vídeos ou outros conteúdos ("Conteúdo do Utilizador") em boletins informativos, blogues, contas de redes sociais detidas por nós, assim como em vários outros locais publicamente disponíveis nos Serviços. Estes fóruns podem ser alojados por nós ou por um dos nossos Prestadores de Serviços Terceiros em nosso nome. O utilizador é responsável por todo o Conteúdo do Utilizador que submeter, carregar por meios eletrónicos, publicar ou armazenar através dos Serviços. Deve fornecer todos os avisos, informações e divulgações necessários e adequados relativamente ao seu Conteúdo do Utilizador. Não seremos responsáveis por qualquer Conteúdo do Utilizador que vier a submeter através dos Serviços.
Licença de Conteúdo do Utilizador. Ao enviar-nos Conteúdo do Utilizador, declara que tem todos os direitos necessários relativos ao mesmo e que está a conceder-nos uma licença perpétua, mundial, não exclusiva, livre de ónus, sublicenciável e transferível para utilizar, reproduzir, distribuir, modificar, apresentar, executar e preparar trabalhos derivados a partir de toda ou qualquer parte do Conteúdo do Utilizador no âmbito da nossa atividade de marketing e promoções, e para qualquer outra finalidade comercial legítima relacionada com os Serviços. Poderemos redistribuir parte ou a totalidade do Conteúdo do Utilizador ou dos trabalhos daí derivados em qualquer suporte de dados e através de quaisquer canais de comunicação escolhidos por nós. O utilizador concede-nos igualmente a nós e a outros utilizadores uma licença não exclusiva para utilizar, aceder, reproduzir, distribuir, modificar, apresentar e executar o seu Conteúdo do Utilizador através dos Serviços.
Restrições do Conteúdo do Utilizador. O utilizador aceita não usar os Serviços, nem permitir a sua utilização por terceiros, para publicar ou transmitir Conteúdo do Utilizador que: seja calunioso ou difamatório, ou divulgue assuntos pessoais ou privados de qualquer pessoa; seja indecente, obsceno, pornográfico, assediante, ameaçador, abusivo, odioso, ofensivo em termos raciais ou étnicos; encoraje alguma conduta que seria considerada uma infração penal, daria origem a responsabilidade civil ou resultaria na violação qualquer lei, ou que de outra forma seja inapropriado; violaria os direitos de propriedade intelectual de terceiros, incluindo texto, imagens ou programas, não autorizados e protegidos por direitos de autor, segredos comerciais ou outras informações exclusivas confidenciais, ou marcas comerciais ou marcas de serviço utilizadas de forma ilegal; ou interfere injustificadamente com a utilização dos Serviços por parte de outro utilizador. O utilizador declara que a sua publicação de Conteúdo do Utilizador nos Serviços é voluntária; por conseguinte, a publicação de Conteúdo do Utilizador não constitui o estabelecimento de uma relação empregador-funcionário entre si e nós. O utilizador não pode copiar ou utilizar endereços de e-mail, números de telemóvel, saldos, nomes de utilizador ou quaisquer outras informações pessoais de outros utilizadores sem a respetiva autorização. São proibidos e-mails, correspondências, chamadas telefónicas ou outras comunicações não solicitadas para outros utilizadores através dos Serviços ou de qualquer outro canal.
Reclamação e retirada nos termos da DMCA. Se acreditar que a sua marca comercial ou trabalho protegido por direitos de autor está a ser violado pelo nosso Conteúdo ou pelo Conteúdo do Utilizador existente nos Serviços ou está por qualquer outro modo a ser publicado de uma forma que sugere o nosso aval ou uma ligação connosco, pedimos que nos envie um e-mail para o endereço legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, indicando na linha de assunto "Reclamação de [Marca Registada/Direitos de Autor]", consoante o caso. Para que a sua reclamação seja eficaz e para podermos agir de acordo com a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), deve cumprir todos os requisitos da DMCA, mediante a inclusão das seguintes informações no seu e-mail identificação clara do trabalho protegido por direitos de autor ou marca alegadamente infringida, incluindo o número de registo de direitos de autor se o trabalho estiver registado.
Reclamação e retirada nos termos da DMCA. Se acreditar que a sua marca comercial ou trabalho protegido por direitos de autor está a ser violado pelo nosso Conteúdo ou pelo Conteúdo do Utilizador existente nos Serviços ou está por qualquer outro modo a ser publicado de uma forma que sugere o nosso aval ou uma ligação connosco, pedimos que nos envie um e-mail para o endereço legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, indicando na linha de assunto "Reclamação de [Marca Registada/Direitos de Autor]", consoante o caso. Para que a sua reclamação seja eficaz e para podermos agir de acordo com a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), deve cumprir todos os requisitos da DMCA, mediante a inclusão das seguintes informações no seu e-mail identificação do trabalho ou marca alegadamente em infração e que pretende ver retirado(a).
Reclamação e retirada nos termos da DMCA. Se acreditar que a sua marca comercial ou trabalho protegido por direitos de autor está a ser violado pelo nosso Conteúdo ou pelo Conteúdo do Utilizador existente nos Serviços ou está por qualquer outro modo a ser publicado de uma forma que sugere o nosso aval ou uma ligação connosco, pedimos que nos envie um e-mail para o endereço legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, indicando na linha de assunto "Reclamação de [Marca Registada/Direitos de Autor]", consoante o caso. Para que a sua reclamação seja eficaz e para podermos agir de acordo com a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), deve cumprir todos os requisitos da DMCA, mediante a inclusão das seguintes informações no seu e-mail o URL ou outra instrução clara para nos permitir localizar o conteúdo alegadamente infrator.
Reclamação e retirada nos termos da DMCA. Se acreditar que a sua marca comercial ou trabalho protegido por direitos de autor está a ser violado pelo nosso Conteúdo ou pelo Conteúdo do Utilizador existente nos Serviços ou está por qualquer outro modo a ser publicado de uma forma que sugere o nosso aval ou uma ligação connosco, pedimos que nos envie um e-mail para o endereço legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, indicando na linha de assunto "Reclamação de [Marca Registada/Direitos de Autor]", consoante o caso. Para que a sua reclamação seja eficaz e para podermos agir de acordo com a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), deve cumprir todos os requisitos da DMCA, mediante a inclusão das seguintes informações no seu e-mail o seu endereço de e-mail, endereço postal e número de telefone; e
Reclamação e retirada nos termos da DMCA. Se acreditar que a sua marca comercial ou trabalho protegido por direitos de autor está a ser violado pelo nosso Conteúdo ou pelo Conteúdo do Utilizador existente nos Serviços ou está por qualquer outro modo a ser publicado de uma forma que sugere o nosso aval ou uma ligação connosco, pedimos que nos envie um e-mail para o endereço legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com, indicando na linha de assunto "Reclamação de [Marca Registada/Direitos de Autor]", consoante o caso. Para que a sua reclamação seja eficaz e para podermos agir de acordo com a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), deve cumprir todos os requisitos da DMCA, mediante a inclusão das seguintes informações no seu e-mail uma declaração assinada de que acredita, num espírito de boa-fé, que o conteúdo está a infringir direitos de autor, que as informações que está a fornecer estão corretas e que é o proprietário ou está autorizado a representar o proprietário do conteúdo.
Deve também estar ciente de que, nos termos da Secção 512(f) da DMCA, qualquer pessoa que conscientemente enviar notificações de infração sem fundamento pode ser responsabilizada por danos, por isso, não faça falsas acusações. Poderemos partilhar qualquer informação ou correspondência fornecida por si com terceiros, incluindo a pessoa que carregou para o Serviço, por meios eletrónicos, o material alegadamente infrator.
Quando recebemos uma notificação de infração feita num espírito de boa-fé, a nossa política é: retirar ou desativar imediatamente o acesso ao conteúdo infrator; notificar a pessoa que carregou por meios eletrónicos o material infrator que retirámos ou cujo acesso desativámos; e no que diz respeito a infratores reincidentes, interromper o acesso da pessoa aos Serviços. Se recebermos uma «contranotificação» dessa pessoa, poderemos enviar-lhe uma cópia da mesma, explicando que poderemos repor o material removido ou cancelar a respetiva desativação no prazo de 10 dias úteis. A menos que venha a intentar uma ação contra nós ou contra a pessoa que carregou o conteúdo por meios eletrónicos, reporemos o acesso ao material removido no prazo de 10 a 14 dias úteis ou mais a contar da data da receção da «contranotificação», ao nosso critério.
EXCLUSÃO DE RESPONSABILIDADE POR GARANTIAS 
A sua utilização dos Serviços corre por sua conta e risco. Os Serviços, a WLD, o conteúdo e toda a restante propriedade intelectual são disponibilizados "TAL COMO ESTÃO" e "DE ACORDO COM A DISPONIBILIDADE" sem qualquer declaração ou garantia, seja expressa, implícita ou legal. Na medida máxima permitida pela legislação aplicável, declinamos expressamente toda a responsabilidade por quaisquer garantias implícitas de titularidade, comercialização, adequação para um fim específico ou não violação de direitos de propriedade intelectual no que diz respeito às funcionalidades, ao conteúdo ou a outra propriedade intelectual contida nos Serviços. Algumas jurisdições não permitem a exclusão de responsabilidade por garantias implícitas, pelo que as exclusões acima referidas podem não aplicar-se a si. Não avalizamos, garantimos ou assumimos a responsabilidade por quaisquer anúncios, ofertas ou declarações feitas por terceiros, incluindo outros utilizadores, relativamente aos Serviços.
Não prestamos quaisquer declarações ou garantias de que o acesso à totalidade ou a parte dos Serviços será contínuo, ininterrupto, atempado, seguro ou isento de erros; que os Serviços ou o conteúdo serão exatos, completos, fiáveis ou atuais; que os Serviços estarão livres de vírus ou outros componentes prejudiciais; ou que os Serviços ou conteúdo irão corresponder aos seus requisitos, necessidades ou expetativas.
Além disso, não prestamos quaisquer declarações ou garantias relativamente à legalidade dos Serviços ou da WLD para qualquer situação de utilização, ou que os Serviços ou a WLD irão satisfazer quaisquer necessidades regulamentares ou de conformidade. O utilizador é o único responsável por determinar e cumprir todas as restrições e requisitos legais e regulamentares que regulem a sua utilização dos Serviços ou da WLD. Salvo no que diz respeito às declarações expressas enunciadas nestes Termos, o utilizador reconhece e aceita que não se baseou em qualquer outra declaração ou entendimento, escrito ou verbal, no que diz respeito ao seu acesso e utilização dos Serviços ou da WLD.
Não atuamos e não podemos atuar como seu consultor em relação a quaisquer assuntos financeiros, legais, de investimento ou fiscais. O conteúdo refere-se apenas ao período iniciado na data indicada. Quaisquer projeções, estimativas, previsões, objetivos e/ou opiniões aqui expressos estão sujeitos a riscos, incertezas e pressupostos, e, por conseguinte, podem estar incorretos, podendo ser objeto de alterações sem aviso prévio. Não deve basear-se em nenhum conteúdo. 
Certas informações aqui contidas podem ter sido obtidas a partir de terceiros. Embora tenham sido obtidas de fontes consideradas fidedignas, não verificámos essas informações de modo independente e não garantimos a sua exatidão. Não somos um corretor financeiro ou consultor de investimento. Não afirmamos, e declinamos expressamente qualquer responsabilidade por todas as garantias, expressas, implícitas ou legais, relativamente à exatidão, pontualidade ou integralidade de qualquer material contido nos Serviços. O nosso conteúdo destina-se apenas a fins de informação geral, sendo o utilizador o único responsável por determinar se deve ou não utilizar os Serviços. O utilizador reconhece que negociar, usar e manter Tokens Digitais é inerentemente arriscado. Pode perder todos os fundos na sua carteira. O utilizador reconhece que o Serviço pode estar sujeito a restrições de exportação e sanções económicas impostas pela legislação dos EUA.
Não somos responsáveis perante si ou qualquer terceiro por qualquer modificação ou cessação dos Serviços, ou suspensão ou cancelamento do seu acesso aos Serviços. 
LIMITAÇÃO DE RESPONSABILIDADE
Não excluímos nem limitamos a nossa responsabilidade para com o utilizador, sempre que for ilegal fazê-lo. Em países que não permitem os tipos de exclusões adiante enunciados, somos responsáveis perante si apenas por perdas e danos que sejam um resultado razoavelmente previsível da nossa falha em atuar com o cuidado e competências razoáveis, ou da nossa violação do contrato celebrado com o utilizador. Este parágrafo não afeta os direitos do consumidor que não podem ser renunciados ou limitados por qualquer contrato ou acordo.
Na medida do permitido por lei, o Utilizador aceita que em circunstância alguma nós ou qualquer do(a) s nosso(a) s administradores, diretores, colaboradores, contratados, agentes, empresas associadas ou subsidiárias (as "Partes TFH") seremos responsáveis perante o utilizador por quaisquer danos indiretos, punitivos, incidentais, especiais, consequentes ou exemplares, incluindo danos por perda de lucros, goodwill, utilização, dados ou outra propriedade intangível, independentemente de essa responsabilidade ser fundada em ato ilícito ou de outra forma, e quer ou não as Partes TFH tenham sido informadas da possibilidade de de tais danos decorrerem de ou no âmbito: da sua utilização ou impossibilidade de utilizar os Serviços, os seus Tokens Digitais ou a rede Worldcoin; da inacessibilidade ou cessação dos Serviços; de qualquer pirataria informática, adulteração, acesso não autorizado ou alteração de qualquer transação ou dos seus Dados; de qualquer transação ou acordo celebrado por si com qualquer terceiro através dos Serviços; de quaisquer atividades ou comunicações de terceiros; das ações dos Operadores Orb; de qualquer perda de valor de quaisquer Tokens Digitais; de qualquer Conteúdo de Terceiros acedido nos Serviços ou através dos mesmos; de erros, lapsos ou imprecisões no nosso Conteúdo; de danos corporais ou materiais de qualquer natureza que resultem de qualquer acesso ou utilização dos Serviços; de vírus, cavalos de Troia, ou algo semelhante que possa ser transmitido aos Serviços ou através dos mesmos; ou da conduta difamatória, ofensiva ou ilegal de qualquer terceiro. Na medida máxima permitida pela legislação aplicável, esta limitação de responsabilidade aplica-se quer os danos decorram da utilização ou utilização indevida, ou da confiança depositada na TFH ou nos Serviços, não obstante qualquer falha no objetivo essencial de qualquer solução limitada.
As Partes TFH não serão, em circunstância alguma, responsáveis perante si por quaisquer reclamações diretas, processos, responsabilidades, obrigações, danos, perdas ou custos num montante superior a 100 dólares. Se estiver descontente com os Serviços, aceita que a sua única e exclusiva solução será deixar de utilizar os Serviços. Esta limitação de responsabilidade aplicar-se-á na medida do máximo permitido pela legislação aplicável. 
Isenção e indemnização. O utilizador aceita defender, indemnizar e isentar as Partes TFH de responsabilidade por reclamações, danos, custos, obrigações, honorários razoáveis de advogados e despesas apresentadas por qualquer terceiro contra uma Parte TFH, que decorram ou se relacionem com: a sua utilização dos Serviços; a sua violação destes Termos; a sua violação de quaisquer direitos de outrem; a sua conduta no âmbito dos Serviços; ou a sua utilização do WLD, de quaisquer Tokens Digitais ou da rede Worldcoin. Algumas jurisdições impõem limites às indemnizações pelo consumidor, pelo que algumas ou todas as disposições relativas a indemnizações previstas neste parágrafo podem não se aplicar ao seu caso. Se for obrigado a indemnizar qualquer das Partes TFH, reservamo-nos o direito, ao nosso exclusivo critério, de controlar qualquer ação ou processo e determinar se deve ou não chegar a acordo e em que termos.
SE RESIDIR DA CALIFÓRNIA, renuncia aos benefícios e proteções contemplados no Código Civil da Califórnia §artigo 1542, que prevê o seguinte: "[uma] isenção geral não abrange os créditos que o credor ou a parte que isenta não conhece nem suspeita existirem a seu favor no momento da assinatura da isenção e que, caso fossem do seu conhecimento, teriam afetado substancialmente o seu acordo com o devedor ou a parte isentada."
Legislação aplicável
Se residir no Espaço Económico Europeu (EEE), a lei da República Federal da Alemanha será aplicável a este Acordo e a quaisquer litígios que decorram ou se relacionem com este Acordo. Se residir fora do EEE, as leis do Estado da Califórnia serão aplicáveis a este Acordo e a quaisquer litígios que decorram ou se relacionem com este Acordo. A legislação aplicável indicada nesta secção será aplicada independentemente dos princípios de conflito de leis. O utilizador aceita ainda que o Serviço será considerado como estando exclusivamente sediado no Estado da Califórnia e que, apesar de os Serviços poderem estar disponíveis noutras jurisdições, a sua disponibilidade não dá origem a uma competência geral ou pessoal específica em qualquer foro fora do Estado da Califórnia.
RESOLUÇÃO DE LITÍGIOS, ARBITRAGEM E RENÚNCIA A AÇÃO COLETIVA
LEIA ATENTAMENTE OS PARÁGRAFOS SEGUINTES. EXIGEM QUE O UTILIZADOR RESOLVA OS LITÍGIOS CONNOSCO ATRAVÉS DE ARBITRAGEM INDIVIDUAL PERANTE UM ÚNICO ÁRBITRO E NÃO COMO MEMBRO DE UMA AÇÃO COLETIVA. A ARBITRAGEM IMPEDE-O DE NOS PROCESSAR EM TRIBUNAL OU DE OBTER UM JULGAMENTO COM JÚRI, EMBORA POSSA INTENTAR UMA AÇÃO CONTRA NÓS NUM JULGADO DE PAZ, SE FOR ELEGÍVEL PARA TAL. 
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") a arbitragem será conduzida de forma confidencial por um único árbitro. O árbitro aplicará os períodos de prescrição e toda a legislação aplicáveis e honrará os pedidos de sigilo reconhecidos pela legislação aplicável.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") se o utilizador residir no EEE, o Litígio será resolvido exclusiva e definitivamente por arbitragem administrada pelo Instituto Alemão de Arbitragem de acordo com as Regras de Arbitragem DIS. A arbitragem terá lugar em Berlim, na Alemanha, salvo se ambos acordarmos em realizá-la noutro local. O utilizador aceita que os tribunais de Berlim, na Alemanha, são o foro adequado para quaisquer recursos de uma sentença arbitral ou para processos judiciais, se a cláusula de arbitragem vinculativa deste Acordo for considerada inaplicável.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") se o Cliente residir fora do EEE, o Litígio será resolvido exclusiva e definitivamente por arbitragem administrada pela JAMS de acordo com as Regras de Arbitragem Simplificadas da JAMS, a menos que o montante agregado do Litígio seja de 250 000 dólares ou mais, sendo que nesse caso se aplicarão as Regras de Arbitragem Abrangentes da JAMS. A arbitragem terá lugar em São Francisco, Califórnia, salvo se ambos acordarmos em realizá-la noutro local. O utilizador aceita que os tribunais federais e estaduais de São Francisco, Califórnia, são o foro adequado para quaisquer recursos de uma sentença arbitral ou para processos judiciais, no caso de a cláusula de arbitragem vinculativa deste Acordo ser considerada inaplicável.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") em qualquer arbitragem, independentemente da respetiva localização, as partes não procurarão obter documentos de prova uma da outra, e o árbitro não permitirá que as partes se envolvam na obtenção de documentos de prova; em vez disso, cada parte divulgará as provas que sustentam as suas posições numa data e hora mutuamente acordadas antes da audiência de arbitragem final.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") o presente Acordo de Arbitragem abrange a exequibilidade, revogabilidade, o âmbito ou a validade do Acordo de Arbitragem ou de qualquer parte do Acordo de Arbitragem, bem como todos os outros Litígios que decorram ou se relacionem com a interpretação ou aplicabilidade do Acordo de Arbitragem. Por conseguinte, todas essas questões serão decididas pelo árbitro e não por um tribunal ou juiz.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") se o árbitro ou o administrador da arbitragem impuser ao utilizador taxas de processo ou outros custos administrativos, procederemos ao respetivo reembolso, a pedido, na medida em que o valor dessas taxas ou custos exceda aquele que o utilizador teria de pagar se o processo fosse apresentado num tribunal. Pagaremos também taxas ou custos adicionais, se tal for exigido pelas regras do administrador da arbitragem ou pela legislação aplicável.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") a pedido de qualquer uma das partes, todos os processos de arbitragem serão conduzidos sob o mais estrito sigilo e, nesse caso, todos os documentos, testemunhos e registos serão recebidos, ouvidos e mantidos em sigilo pelo árbitro, disponibilizados para inspeção apenas pelas partes, pelos respetivos advogados e peritos destes, por consultores ou testemunhas que tenham acordado, antecipadamente e por escrito, em receber todas essas informações a título confidencial, a fim de serem utilizadas exclusivamente para efeitos da arbitragem.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") à exceção das ações e medidas de reparação de natureza coletiva discutidas neste Acordo de Arbitragem, o árbitro tem autoridade para conceder qualquer medida de reparação que, de outra forma, estaria disponível em tribunal.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") qualquer juízo relativamente à sentença proferida pelo árbitro poderá ser apresentado em qualquer tribunal de jurisdição competente.
Envidaremos os nossos melhores esforços para resolver quaisquer potenciais litígios através de negociações informais num espírito de boa-fé. Se surgir um eventual litígio, deve contactar-nos enviando um e-mail para legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com a fim de podermos tentar resolvê-lo sem recorrer à resolução formal de litígios. Se não conseguirmos chegar a um acordo informal no prazo de 60 dias a contar da data do seu e-mail e optar por dar início a uma ação legal junto de um organismo federal ou estadual, uma ação ao abrigo do direito comum, uma ação fundada em contrato, ato ilícito, fraude, falsas declarações ou qualquer outra doutrina, ou qualquer outro processo formal que decorra ou se relacione com estes Termos, o Conteúdo ou os Serviços (individualmente, um "Litígio"), o utilizador aceita resolver o Litígio por arbitragem vinculativa, numa base individual, de acordo com os seguintes termos (coletivamente, o "Acordo de Arbitragem") se o requisito de arbitragem ou a proibição de ações coletivas e outros Litígios apresentados em nome de terceiros contidos neste Acordo de Arbitragem for considerado inexequível, apenas as disposições inexequíveis serão consideradas como tendo sido removidas destes Termos, mantendo-se em vigor e a produzir efeitos todas as restantes obrigações previstas nestes Termos.
Direito a um prazo de 30 dias para autoexclusão. O utilizador tem o direito de optar por não ficar vinculado a este Acordo de Arbitragem, bastando para isso enviar um e-mail a partir do endereço que utilizou para configurar a sua Aplicação, indicando, na linha de assunto: "OPÇÃO DE RENÚNCIA A ARBITRAGEM E AÇÕES COLETIVAS. Deve enviar o seu e-mail no prazo de 30 dias a contar da data em que aceitou estes Termos, caso contrário ficará vinculado à arbitragem de Litígios de acordo com os termos deste Acordo de Arbitragem. Se optar por não participar neste Acordo de Arbitragem, também não ficaremos vinculados pelo Acordo de Arbitragem.
Alterações a este Acordo de Arbitragem. Será notificado com 30 dias de antecedência de quaisquer alterações à secção destes Termos intitulada "Resolução de Litígios, Arbitragem e Renúncia a Ação Coletiva" , entrando as alterações em vigor 30 dias após receção da notificação. As alterações previstas na secção Resolução de Litígios, Arbitragem e Renúncia a Ação Coletiva serão aplicadas apenas prospetivamente a Litígios que surjam após o 30º dia. Se um tribunal ou árbitro decidir que as alterações a esta secção não são exequíveis ou válidas, as alterações serão excluídas destes Termos e o tribunal ou árbitro aplicará os termos do primeiro Acordo de Arbitragem em vigor à data em que o utilizador começou a utilizar os Serviços. O utilizador pode exercer o seu direito de autoexclusão dos novos termos do Acordo de Arbitragem seguindo os procedimentos previstos na secção acima intitulada "Direito a um prazo de 30 dias para autoexclusão."
Este Acordo de Arbitragem continuará a vigorar após a cessação destes Termos e da sua utilização dos Serviços.
Sem prejuízo de qualquer disposição em contrário no presente Acordo de Arbitragem, qualquer uma das partes poderá intentar uma ação judicial exclusivamente a título de medida cautelar com vista a impedir a utilização não autorizada ou abusiva dos Serviços, ou a violação de direitos de propriedade intelectual (por exemplo, direitos de marca comercial, segredo comercial, direitos de autor ou de patente) sem primeiro recorrer à arbitragem ou ao processo informal de resolução de litígios acima descrito.
Disposições gerais
Sem renúncia; divisibilidade; sem cessão. A não aplicação, por nós, de uma disposição, não constitui uma renúncia ao nosso direito de o fazer mais tarde. Se uma disposição for considerada inexequível, as restantes disposições destes Termos permanecerão em pleno vigor, sendo a disposição inexequível substituída por um termo exequível que reflita, o mais possível, a nossa intenção. O utilizador não pode ceder qualquer um dos seus direitos ao abrigo destes Termos e qualquer tentativa de o fazer será nula. Poderemos ceder os nossos direitos a qualquer uma das nossas afiliadas ou subsidiárias, ou a qualquer subrogatário dos interesses de qualquer empresa associada aos Serviços.
Acordo integral. Estes Termos constituem a declaração completa e exclusiva do acordo celebrado entre nós e o utilizador no que diz respeito aos Serviços e substituem todos os entendimentos, acordos, declarações e garantias anteriores e atuais, tanto escritos como verbais, relativamente aos Serviços. Os títulos das secções destes Termos destinam-se apenas a fins de conveniência e não regem o significado ou a interpretação de qualquer disposição.
Validade. Todas as disposições destes Termos relativas à suspensão ou cessação, dívidas à TFH, utilização geral dos Serviços, Litígios com a TFH, assim como as disposições que, pela sua natureza, se estendem para além do termo ou cessação destes Termos, permanecem em vigor após a cessação ou termo destes Termos.
Relação entre as partes. Nenhuma disposição nos presentes Termos pretende ou deve ser entendida, ou levará a que o utilizador e a TFH sejam tratados como parceiros, empresas comuns ou associados com fins lucrativos, e nem o utilizador nem a TFH serão tratados como o agente do outro. Isto inclui o facto de que nada nestes Termos estabelece ou se destina a estabelecer qualquer relação laboral entre si e a TFH.
Sem aconselhamento profissional ou deveres fiduciários. Todo o Conteúdo fornecido por nós destina-se apenas a fins informativos e não deve ser interpretado como aconselhamento profissional. O Utilizador não deve tomar, ou deve abster-se de tomar, qualquer medida com base em qualquer informação contida nos Serviços. Antes de tomar quaisquer decisões financeiras, legais ou de outro tipo que envolvam os Serviços ou quaisquer Tokens Digitais, deve procurar aconselhamento profissional independente de alguém credenciado e qualificado na área para a qual tal aconselhamento seria apropriado. Estes Termos não se destinam a criar ou impor quaisquer deveres fiduciários para connosco. Na medida do máximo permitido por Lei, o utilizador reconhece e concorda que não temos quaisquer obrigações ou responsabilidades fiduciárias para consigo ou qualquer outra parte, e que, na medida em que esses deveres ou responsabilidades existam por lei ou em equidade, rejeitamos, renunciamos e suprimimos, irrevogavelmente, esses deveres e responsabilidades. O utilizador aceita ainda que os únicos deveres e obrigações que temos para consigo são os definidos expressamente nestes Termos.
Alteração do controlo. Na eventualidade de sermos adquiridos ou objeto de fusão com uma entidade terceira, ou de alguma forma transferirmos determinadas funções para uma entidade afiliada ou sucessora, ou para outra entidade que determinarmos ser do melhor interesse para os Utilizadores, reservamo-nos o direito, em qualquer uma destas circunstâncias, de transferir ou ceder os Dados que recolhemos junto de si como parte de tal fusão, aquisição, venda, ou outra alteração do controlo.
Força maior. Não seremos responsáveis por atrasos, falhas de desempenho ou interrupção do serviço que resultem direta ou indiretamente de uma volatilidade significativa do mercado dos Tokens Digitais, qualquer ato fortuito, atos de autoridades civis ou militares, atos de terroristas, perturbações da ordem pública, guerras, greves, emergências sanitárias, disputas laborais, incêndios, interrupção nos serviços de telecomunicações ou de Internet ou de serviços de fornecedores de rede, falha de equipamentos ou software, ou de qualquer causa ou condição fora do nosso controlo razoável (individualmente, "Caso de Força Maior"). A ocorrência de um Caso de Força Maior não afetará a validade e aplicabilidade de qualquer uma das restantes disposições destes Termos.
Lojas de Aplicações. Sempre que descarregar as nossas Aplicações a partir de qualquer Loja de Aplicações ou plataforma de distribuição que não a Apple App Store, incluindo a Google Play Store (a "Plataforma de Distribuição"), o utilizador concorda que os Termos são celebrados entre nós e o utilizador, e não com o fornecedor da Plataforma de Distribuição ("Fornecedor da Loja").
Lojas de Aplicações. Sempre que descarregar as nossas Aplicações a partir de qualquer Loja de Aplicações ou plataforma de distribuição que não a Apple App Store, incluindo a Google Play Store (a "Plataforma de Distribuição"), o utilizador concorda que a sua utilização das Aplicações deve cumprir os Termos de Serviço da Plataforma de Distribuição do Fornecedor da Loja, em vigor à data.
Lojas de Aplicações. Sempre que descarregar as nossas Aplicações a partir de qualquer Loja de Aplicações ou plataforma de distribuição que não a Apple App Store, incluindo a Google Play Store (a "Plataforma de Distribuição"), o utilizador concorda que o Fornecedor da Loja é apenas um fornecedor da Plataforma de Distribuição onde obteve as Aplicações.
Lojas de Aplicações. Sempre que descarregar as nossas Aplicações a partir de qualquer Loja de Aplicações ou plataforma de distribuição que não a Apple App Store, incluindo a Google Play Store (a "Plataforma de Distribuição"), o utilizador concorda que somos nós, e não o Fornecedor da Loja, os únicos responsáveis pelas Aplicações.
Lojas de Aplicações. Sempre que descarregar as nossas Aplicações a partir de qualquer Loja de Aplicações ou plataforma de distribuição que não a Apple App Store, incluindo a Google Play Store (a "Plataforma de Distribuição"), o utilizador concorda que o Fornecedor da Loja não tem qualquer obrigação ou responsabilidade perante si no que diz respeito às Aplicações ou aos Termos; e
Lojas de Aplicações. Sempre que descarregar as nossas Aplicações a partir de qualquer Loja de Aplicações ou plataforma de distribuição que não a Apple App Store, incluindo a Google Play Store (a "Plataforma de Distribuição"), o utilizador concorda que o utilizador reconhece e concorda que o Fornecedor da Loja é um terceiro beneficiário dos Termos no que diz respeito às Aplicações.
Apple App Store. Esta secção aplica-se sempre que as Aplicações tenham sido adquiridas na Apple App Store. O utilizador reconhece e concorda que os Termos são celebrados unicamente entre o utilizador e nós, e não com a Apple, Inc. ("Apple") e que a Apple não tem qualquer responsabilidade pelas Aplicações ou pelo conteúdo das mesmas. A sua utilização das Aplicações deve cumprir os Termos de Serviço da Loja de Aplicações.
O utilizador reconhece que a Apple não tem qualquer obrigação de fornecer quaisquer serviços de manutenção e apoio técnico no que diz respeito às Aplicações. Em caso de não conformidade das Aplicações com qualquer garantia aplicável, poderá notificar a Apple, a qual (se for caso disso) procederá ao reembolso do preço de compra das Aplicações. Na medida máxima permitida pela lei aplicável, a Apple não terá qualquer outra obrigação de garantia relativamente às Aplicações, e quaisquer outras reclamações, perdas, obrigações, danos, custos ou despesas atribuíveis ao incumprimento de qualquer garantia serão regidos exclusivamente pelos Termos e qualquer lei que nos seja aplicável, enquanto fornecedores das Aplicações.
O utilizador reconhece que a Apple não é responsável por dar resposta a quaisquer reclamações suas ou de terceiros relacionadas com as Aplicações ou com a sua posse e/ou utilização das Aplicações, incluindo, mas sem caráter limitativo: reclamações de responsabilidade pelo produto; qualquer reclamação de que as Aplicações não cumprem qualquer requisito legal ou regulamentar aplicável; e reclamações decorrentes da legislação de defesa do consumidor ou de legislação semelhante; e que todas essas reclamações são regidas exclusivamente pelos Termos e por qualquer lei que se aplique a nós, enquanto fornecedores do software.
O utilizador reconhece que, na eventualidade de qualquer reclamação, por parte terceiros, de que as Aplicações ou a sua posse e utilização dessas Aplicações infringem os direitos de propriedade intelectual de terceiros, a TFH, e não a Apple, será a única responsável pela investigação, defesa, resolução e encerramento de qualquer reclamação por violação de propriedade intelectual na medida exigida pelos Termos.
O utilizador declara e garante que não está localizado num país sujeito a embargo imposto pelo Governo dos EUA ou que tenha sido designado pelo Governo dos EUA como um país "apoiante do terrorismo"; e não consta de qualquer lista de pessoas proibidas ou sujeitas a restrições, do Governo dos EUA.
O utilizador e a TFH reconhecem e concordam que a Apple e as subsidiárias da Apple são terceiros beneficiários dos Termos de Serviço no que se refere à sua licença de utilização das Aplicações e que, após a sua aceitação dos termos e condições dos Termos de Serviço, a Apple terá o direito (e considerar-se-á que aceitou o direito) de fazer aplicar contra si, enquanto terceiro beneficiário, os Termos de Serviço relativos à sua licença de utilização das Aplicações.
Resolução de Reclamações. Designámos um Responsável pela Gestão de Reclamações na Índia, tal como se indica mais abaixo. Importa notar que o Responsável pela Gestão de Reclamações apenas deve ser contactado por utilizadores na Índia, de acordo com as Normas de Utilização das Tecnologias de Informação da Índia (Diretrizes para Intermediários e Código de Ética dos Meios de Comunicação Digital), 2021. Pode ser solicitada verificação adicional do utilizador.
Responsável pela Gestão de Reclamações: Jannick Preiwisch
E-MAIL: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Effective August 2, 2023
Download
Sheria na Masharti ya Mtumiaji ya Tools For Humanity
Karibu kwenye jamii ya Worldcoin! Worldcoin ni teknolojia huria inayoungwa mkono na jamii ya kimataifa ya watengenezezaji programu, watu binafsi, na wachangiaji wengine. Tools for Humanity ni kampuni ya kimataifa ya utengenezaji maunzi tepe na maunzi gumu inayotengeneza zana za kuwasilisha teknolojia na bidhaa za blockchain na utambulisho wa kidijitali kwa mabilioni ya watu, pamoja na kuchangia katika utengenezaji na ukuzaji wa mfumo ekolojia wa Worldcoin. 
Sheria hizi baina yako na Tools for Humanity Corporation, kampuni ya Delaware (kwa pamoja na washirika wetu, "TFH", au "sisi") zinatawala matumizi yako na ufikiaji wako wa tovuti na programu zetu, ikijumuisha Programu ye World na Programu ya Operator (kwa pamoja, "Programu"), na utendaji, maudhui, na huduma zote husika tunazokupatia (kwa pamoja, "Huduma") kuhusiana na teknolojia ya Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Tafadhali soma Sheria hizi kwa uangalifu kabla ya kutumia na kufikia Huduma. Kwa kufikia na kutumia Huduma zozote tunazotoa, moja kwa moja unakubali kuwa chini ya Sheria hizi na chini ya Ilani yetu ya Faragha, ambayo imejumuishwa kama sehemu ya Sheria hizi.
Tafadhali kumbuka sehemu hizi muhimu za Sheria hizi unakubali kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote baina yako na TFH kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji badala ya mahakamani. Tafadhali pitia Sehemu ya 15 hapa chini ili kupata maelezo ya kina.
Bidhaa za Crypto, ikijumuisha Sarafu za Kidijitali, hazijawekewa sheria na zinaweza kuwa hatari sana. Kunaweza kosa suluhu ya kisheria kwa hasara zozote zinazotokana na miamala hiyo.
Hakuna kitu chochote katika Huduma kinaashiria ofa ya kuuza, au ushawishi wa ofa ya kununua, hisa au Sarafu zozote za Kidijitali. Huduma hazijumuishi ushauri wa uwekezaji. Kumiliki, kununua, au kuuza Sarafu zozote za Kidijitali (kama ilivyobainishwa katika Sehemu ya hapa chini) huenda ikawa haijaruhusiwa mahali unakoishi, na ni wajibu wako kuambatana na sheria zote husika. Tafadhali zingatia kama utanunua, kuuza, kutumia, au kumiliki Sarafu za Kidijitali ni mwafaka kwako katika hali yako ya kifedha na uelewa wako wa Sarafu za Kidijitali. Thamani ya Sarafu za Kidijitali huenda ikabadilika kwa haraka na huenda zikapoteza thamani yake yote. 
Aidha, sarafu za WLD ("WLD") hazikusudiwi kupatikana ili kutumiwa, kununuliwa, au kufikiwa na watu wa Marekani, ikijumuisha raia wa Marekani, wakaazi au watu walio nchini Marekani, au kampuni zilizosajiliwa, zilizoko, au makao yake ni Marekani, au walio na maajenti waliosajiliwa nchini Marekani. Hatufanyi WLD kupatikana kwa watu hao wa Marekani. Zaidi ya hayo, unakubali kwamba hautawauzia, kuwatumia au kuwasaidia watu wa Marekani kupata WLD. 
Maelezo zaidi kuhusu hatari zinazohusishwa na WLD yanaweza kupatikana hapa. 
Wigo wa Sheria
Faragha na Data Zako. Unapotumia Programu, unaweza kutupatia kategoria za maelezo ya kibinafsi, kama vile jina lako au nambari ya simu. Ukitupatia maelezo ya kuthibitisha wewe ni mtu binafsi na udai sarafu zako za WLD, basi unaweza kupatiana kategoria maalum za data nyeti za kibinafsi, kama vile maelezo yako ya bayometriki. Ilani yetu ya Faragha inaelezea data tunazokusanya kutoka kwako na jinsi tuanvyozitumia. Tafadhali usitumie Huduma ikiwa hautaki tukusanye au kutumia data zako kwa njia ambayo imeelezewa katika Kauli ya Faragha. 
Ustahiki. Ili kutumia Huduma, ni lazima uambatane na Sheria hizi pamoja na sheria zote husika. Hauwezi kutumia Huduma kuendesha, kukuza, au kuwasaidia wengine kufanya shughuli zozote haramu.
Aidha, ni lazima utimize vigezo vyote vifuatavyo: una umri wa miaka 18 au zaidi; na
Aidha, ni lazima utimize vigezo vyote vifuatavyo: haupo katika, chini ya udhibiti wa, si raia, au si mkaazi wa: Syria, maeneo ya Crimea, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson na Zaporizhzhia ya Ukraine, Russia, North Korea, Iran, Cuba, au nchi nyingine yoyote au eneo lolote ambalo limezuiwa kufikia huduma na Marekani, Umoja wa Ulaya, au nchi au mamlaka nyingine yoyote.
Aidha, ni lazima utimize vigezo vyote vifuatavyo: wewe si "Raia Mteule Maalum" kama ilivyotangazwa na Ofisi ya Kudhibiti Mali ya Kigeni (Office of Foreign Assets Control, "OFAC") ya Idara ya Hazina ya Marekani au orodha ya vikwazo ya nchi nyingine yoyote, na jina lako lisiwe kwenye Orodha ya Watu Wanaokatazwa ya Idara ya Biashara ya Marekani au orodha za watu waliopigwa marufuku ya nchini nyingine yoyote.
Ikiwa hautimizi mahitaji haya yote, hauruhusiwi kufikia au kutumia Huduma. 
Upatikanaji. Kurasa za wavuti zinazoelezea Huduma zinaweza kufikika kote ulimwenguni, lakini hii haimaanishi kwamba Huduma zote au vipengele vyote vya Huduma ni halali au zinapatikana nchini mwako. Ufikiaji Huduma fulani (au vipengele fulani vya Huduma) katika nchi fulani huenda ukazuiliwa nasi au serikali za kigeni. Ufikiaji kifaa cha Orb na Wahudumu wetu wa Orb hawatapatikana jimboni Texas, Illinois, Washington, mjini Portland, OR, na Baltimore, MD. Hauwezi kutumia zana za VPN au zana sawa na hizo ili kuepuka vikwazo vyovyote. Ufikiaji Programu, na vipengele fulani ndani ya Programu, huenda ukakosekana au ukawekewa vikwazo, kulingana na eneo lako. Ni wajibu wako kuhakikisha kwamba matumizi yako ya Huduma ni halali mahali ambako unazitumia. Huduma hazipatikani kwa lugha zote. 
Masasisho. Mara kwa mara tunaweza kufanya mabadiliko kwenye Sheria hizi. Tukifanya hivi, tutaweka sheria zilizosasishwa kwneye Huduma. Unaelewa na kukubaliana kwamba matumizi yako endelevu ya Huduma baada ya sisi kufanya mabadiliko yoyote kama hayo inaonyesha kwamba unakubali Sheria zilizosasishwa. Unaweza kuacha kutumia Huduma wakati wowote ikiwa haukubaliani na Sheria hizi. Kwa sababu Huduma zinabadilika kadri muda unavyosonga huenda tukabadilisha au tukasitisha sehemu ya Huduma au zote, wakati wowote na bila ilani, kwa hiari yetu pekee.
Sheria za Ziada. Sheria na masharti ya ziada huenda yakatumika kwa matumizi, maudhui, vipengele, au sehemu maalum za Huduma, na sheria na masharti hayo yote ya ziada tutakayokupatia yatakuwa sehemu ya Sheria hizi.
Huduma
Pochi la Bila Umiliki
Programu ya World inajumuisha pochi la kuhifadhia sarafu za kidijitali zinazoruhusiwa, "non-fungible tokens" (NFTs), au mali ya kidijitali (ikijumuisha WLD na kwa pamoja, "Sarafu za Kidijitali"). Unadhibiti Sarafu za Kidijitali zilizohifadhiwa ndani ya pochi hili. Unapotumia Programu ya World, funguo za kibinafsi (ambazo ni manenosiri ya kufikia sarafu hizo za kidijitali) zinahifadhiwa moja kwa moja kwenye kifaa chako. Wakati wowote, kulingana na uwepo wa intaneti na msongamano kwenye blockchain, unaweza kutoa Sarafu zako za Kidijitali kwa kuzituma kwenye anwani tofauti ya blockchain. Unapohifadhi Sarafu zako za Kidijitali ndani ya pochi hili, hatuna udhibiti juu ya pochi lako, Sarafu zako za Kidijitali, au funguo za kibinafsi. Watumiaji wanawajibikia hasara ya kupoteza funguo zao za kibinafsi na TFH wala Programu ya World haziwezi kurejesha funguo hizo.
Kwa sababu Programu ya World ni pochi liliso na umiliki, utapatiwa anwani ya pochi ambayo inabainisha ni wapi Sarafu zako za Kidijitali zimehifadhiwa kwenye blockchain husika. Anwani ya pochi lako inaweza kufikiwa kwa kutumia bidhaa nyingine za pochi bila umiliki.
Sarafu za Kidijitali Zinazoruhusiwa
Programu ya World inaruhusu sarafu za ERC-20. Tunaweza kuruhusu Sarafu za Kidijitali za ziada katika siku zijazo. Unaweza kuona ni Sarafu gani za Kidijitali tunazoruhusu ndani ya Programu ya World. 
Unaelewa kwamba kutuma Sarafu za Kidijitali Zisizoruhusiwa kwenye anwani ya pochi la Programu ya World kunaweza kumaanisha utapoteza kabisa Sarafu hizo za Kidijitali. Hatuna njia ya kurejesha Sarafu za Kidijitali zilizotumwa kwa anwani isiyofaa ya pochi. Tafadhali hakikisha unatuma Sarafu sahihi za Kidijitali kwa anwani sahihi ya pochi nyakati zote, na kila wakati unafanya muamala wa majaribio ukitumia kiwango kidogo cha Sarafu za Kidijitali.
Utoaji na Ufikiaji
Unapotangamana na Sarafu zako za Kidijitali, kama vile kuzituma hadi kwenye anwani nyingine ya blockchain au kuunganisha na programu iliyotolewa, ukitumia Huduma, utahitajika kuidhinisha au "kutia sahihi" utangamano huo kupitia vifaa ambavyo umetambulisha wakati wa mchakato wa usajili. Programu zinategemea idhini zako kwenye vifaa hizi ili kuanzisha utangamano na blockchain husika. Unaelewa kwamba unatangamana moja kwa moja na blockchain husika unapofanya utangamano huu na kwamba hatuwajibikii uwasilishaji oda kwa niaba yako. 
Maelezo kuhusu Wahusika Wengine
Kwa kutumia Huduma huenda ukafikia maelezo kuhusiana na Sarafu zako za Kidijitali, kama vile, lakini sio tu, thamani yake ya sasa sokoni. Uwasilisho wa maelezo haya hakuashirii ushirikiano au uungaji mkono wowote wa wahusika wengine, hata ikiwa utendaji fulani unaotolewa kuhusiana na Huduma unahitaji matumizi ya bidhaa hizo za wahusika wengine. Maudhui ya huduma na bidhaa hizo za wahusika wengine kama ilivyotajwa kupitia Huduma yanategemea maelezo yaliyowekwa hadharani au na wahusika hao wengine kwetu, na kwa hivyo hatutoa uwakilisho au kutoa hakikisho kuhusu usahihi wa maelezo yanayohusiana na huduma au bidhaa za wahusika wengine.
Huduma za Wahusika Wengine
Huduma zinaweza kukupa viungo elekezi vya vichakataji vya wahusika wengine ili kuchakata miamala kama vile ununuzi wa Sarafu za Kidijitali kwa kutumia pesa za kawaida, uuzaji Sarafu za Kidijitali, ubadilishanaji Sarafu za Kidijitali, na utendaji mwingine ambao unaweza kuwepo katika siku zijazo. Unaweza kuona ni huduma gani za wahusika wengine zinapatikana ndani ya Programu ya World. Unapofanya miamala hii, unafanya miamala na wahusika wengine na si sisi. Ni lazima ufuate maagizo husika yanayotokewa mtoa huduma mwingine na ukubali sheria zao za huduma. Hatuchukui udhibiti wala kutuma fedha zako au Sarafu za Kidijitali wakati wowote tunapotoa Huduma zetu, au wakati unatumia huduma za wahusika wengine.
Miamala ya Mtu-kwa-Mtu
Huduma zinakuwezesha kutuma Sarafu za Kidijitali zinazoruhusiwa kwa, na kuomba, kupokea, na kuhifadhi Sarafu za Kidijitali zinazoruhusiwa kutoka kwa, wahusika wengine kwa kuanzisha miamala kupitia Huduma. Utumaji wako wa Sarafu za Kidijitali zinazoruhusiwa kati ya anwani nyingine zako za blockchain na hadi na kutoka kwa wahusika wengine ni utumaji. Wakati wewe au mhusika mwingine anapotuma Sarafu za Kidijitali hadi kwa anwani ya pochi lako, mtu anayeanzisha muamala huo anawajibikia pekee yake utekelezaji muamala kwa njia inavyofaa, inayojumuisha, miongoni mwa mambo mengine, malipo ya ada tosha za mtandao au wathibitishaji ili muamala kufaulu. Ada za mtandao zisizotosha zinaweza kusababisha utumaji kusalia katika hali ya bila kukamilika na kunaweza kusababisha kuchelewa au hasara kutokea kwa ajili ya hitilafu katika kuanzisha muamala. Hatuna jukumu la kusaidia katika usuluhisha miamala hiyo. Unapotuma Sarafu zozote za Kidijitali kutoka kwa pochi lako hadi pochi nyingine la blockchain, utumaji huo unautekeleza ndani ya blockchain na hatuna udhibiti. Unapaswa kuthibitisha maelezo yote ya muamala kbala ya kuyawasilisha. Hatuchukui dhima au wajibu endapo utaweka anwani pokezi isiyo sahihi ya blockchain. Utumaji Sarafu za Kidijitali hauwezi kughairiwa baada ya kuwasilishwa kwenye mtandao wa blockchain husika, ingawa huenda ikawa katika hali ya kusubiri, na kuchakatwa ifaavyo, huku miamala ikichakatwa na waendeshaji mtandao. Hatudhibiti mtandao na hatutoi hakikisho kwamba utumaji utathibitishwa na mtandao.
Soko la P2P
Inakopatikana, tunatoa Soko la P2P la kununua na kuuza Sarafu fulani za Kidijitali. Soko hilo la P2P linatawaliwa na sheria za ziada, zinapatikana hapa. 
Programu Bila Mamlaka Kuu
Huenda tukawa na utendaji unaokuwezesha kuunganisha pochi lako na programu mbalimbali bila mamlaka kuu. Una wajibu wa kuhakikisha usalama wa programu hizi za wahusika wengine. Hatudhibiti programu za wahusika wengine na hatuwezi kutoa usaidizi kwa ajili ya matatizo yoyote unayoweza kupata unapounganisha na programu za wahusika wengine.
Huduma kwa Wateja
Tunatoa usaidizi kwa wateja katika kusaidia kuhusu vipengele na utendaji fulani unaohusiana na Huduma. Ili kuwasiliana, chagua "Usaidizi" kwenye menyu iliyo ndani ya programu. 
Teknolojia ya World ID
Asasi ya Worldcoin inadhibiti Tecknolojia ya World ID. Tunaweza kufanya Teknolojia ya World ID kupatikana kwako kupitia Huduma. Teknolojia ya World ID inakuwezesha kuthibitisha kwamba wewe ni binadamu wa kipekee huku ikilinda faragha yako. 
Kwa kujisajili kwenye World ID, unathibitisha kwamba haujawahi tena kujisajili kwenye World ID hapo mbeleni, na kwamba unajisajili tu mara moja. Ingawa tunafanya juhudi zo kuhakikisha kwamba World ID ni sahihi, hakuna hakikisho kwamba huduma hii inaaminika na ni sahihi 100%. Aidha, kuna uwezekano wa hitilafu ambayo si ya kweli kutokea unapojaribu kujisajili kwenye World ID kwa mara ya kwanza. Kwa kutumia World ID, unakubaliana na sheria na masharti yote yaliyo hapa ndani, pamoja na masharti yaliyobainishwa na Asasi ya Worldcoin. 
Jifunze Kupata Pato (L2E)
Tunaweza kukupatia nyenzo na maswali fulani ya kimaelezo kwenye Programu ya World ("L2E"). Baada ya kukamilisha kozi ya L2E, unaweza kupokea Mali ya Kidijitali kama tuzo. Maelezo yanayopatikana kwenye kipengele cha L2E ni ya kimaelezo pekee, na huenda yakawa si kamilifu, sahihi, au ya kisasa zaidi. Hatuwajibikii maudhui yoyote yaliyo kwenye kipengele cha L2E, na haupaswi kutegemea maelezo yoyote yaliyo hapo. 
Tuzo inayotolewa ndani ya kipengele cha L2E ni kiwango kidogo na cha siri cha Mali ya Kidijitali tunachokupa. Ni lazima uwe na World ID ili ushiriki kwenye L2E na upokee tuzo. Una wajibu wa kuambatana na majukumu yote kuhusiana na tuzo unayopokea, pamoja na majukumu ya ushuru. Tunaweza kusimamisha kipengele cha L2E wakati wowote bila ilani kwako. 
Ruzuku za WLD & Uhifadhi Ruzuku za WLD
Baada ya kujisajili kupata World ID tunaweza kukuruhusu kunyakua kiwango kidogo cha WLD katika mipishano tofauti ("Ruzuku za WLD"). Ikiwa bado hujajisajili kupata World ID, tunaweza kukuruhusu kuhifadhi Ruzuku za WLD mapema ("Uhifadhi Ruzuku za WLD"). Ruzuku za WLD na Uhifadhi Ruzuku za WLD zinatolewa na kampuni ya World Assets Limited, kampuni tanzu ya asasi ya Worldcoin Foundation. Viwango, mipishano, na mida haswa ya Ruzuku za WLD na Uhifadhi Ruzuku za WLD zitabainishwa kwenye Programu ya World, lakini zinaamuliwa na World Assets Limited. Kwa kukuruhusu kunyakua Uhifadhi wa Ruzuku za WLD, hatutoi hakikisho kwamba utapokea kiwango chochote cha Ruzuku za WLD. Uhifadhi wa Ruzuku za WLD unaweza kuishiwa na muda, kwa ilani au bila ilani kwenye Programu ya World, bila kujalisha kama tayari umefanya Uhifadhi wa Ruzuku za WLD au umepokea Ruzuku husika ya WLD. Zinaweza kuondolewa kwa hiari yetu. 
Programu ya Operator
Wahudumu wa Orb na washirika wengine tunawapa Programu ya Operator inayowawezesha kufuatilia shughuli na takwimu fulani zinazowahusu nyinyi na biashara zenu kama Wahudumu wa Orb. Pia tunaweza kuweka vipengele fulani vya kukusaidia kuendesha biashara zenu kama Wahudumu wa Orb.
Ununuzi, Ada, na Ushuru
Ada za Miamala. Kwa kutumia Huduma, unakubali kulipa ada zote husika pamoja na ada za miamala ya kubadilishana Sarafu za Kidijitali. Tutakuarifu kuhusu ada zozote husika kabla ya kufanya muamala. Ikiwa wewe ni huduma ya malipo ya mhusika mwingine, ada za benki, ada za kadi ya mkopo, ada za kadi ya salio zinazotozwa kwa ajili ya ununuzi wowote wa Sarafu za Kidijitali huenda zikaongezwa kwenye kiwango cha malipo unayolipia ununuzi wako wa Sarafu za Kidijitali. Pia unawajibikia ada zozote za ziada zinazotozwa na mtoa huduma za kifedha kwako. 
Ada ya Mtandao. Utangamano na blockchain pia unatoza ada ya mtandao. Ada ya mtandao inatozwa na kulipwa kwenye mtandao wa blockchain, na sio sisi, kwa kuwezesha utangamano wowote. 
Ushuru. Ni wajibu wako kubaini kama, na kwa kiwango gani, ushuru unatumika kwa muamala wowote kupitia Huduma, na kushikilia, kuchukua, kuripoti na kuwasilisha kiwango sahihi cha ushuru kwa mamlaka mwafaka za ushuru. 
Masasisho. Ada zote zinaonyeshwa na ni za sasa kama inavyoonyeshwa katika Huduma na huenda zikasasishwa na kubadilishwa mara kwa mara.
Vipengele vya Hatari
Si Sarafu Rasmi Kisheria. Sarafu za Kidijitali si sarafu rasmi kisheria, na haziungwi mkono na serikali yoyote, na akaunti za Sarafu za Kidijitali na salio la thamani kwenye Huduma haziko chini ya ulinzi wa Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Securities Investor Protection Corporation, au ulinzi kama huo ulio katika nchi nyingine. Sisi si benki na hatutoi huduma za kifedha. Miamala inayofanywa kwenye Programu ya World haidhibitiwi katika nchi nyingi. Hatutoi hakikisho lolote kuhusiana na utendaji wa blockchain tunayotumia, ambayo, miongoni mwa mambo mengin, inaweza kuchelewa, kuwa na ukinzani wa nia, au maamuzi ya kioperesheni kutoka kwa wahusika wengine ambayo si ya kuridhisha kwa wamiliki fulani wa Sarafu za Kidijitali, au kupelekea wewe kutoweja kukamilisha muamala ukitumia Huduma. Muamala unaowasilisha kupitia Huduma huenda ukakosa kukamilika, au huenda ukacheleweshwa pakubwa kwenye blockchain husika, na hatuwajibikii muamala kukosa kuthibitishwa au kusindikwa kama invyotarajiwa. Hakuna waranti wala hakikisho kwamba utumaji unaofanywa kupitia Huduma utafanikiwa kuhamisha umiliki au haki za Sarafu yoyote za Kidijitali. Aidha, kunaweza kuwa na hatari zinazohusiana na matumizi fulani ya Mali ya Kidijitali, kama vile WLD. Maelezo zaidi kuhusu hatari zinazohusishwa haswa na WLD yanaweza kupatikana hapa. 
Teknolojia Mpya. Huduma ni mpya. Ingawa programu hii imefanyiwa majaribio ya kina, programu inayotumika kwenye Huduma bado ni mpya na huenda ikasa na kasoro au hatari za kisualama. Aidha, bado programu inatengenezwa na huenda ikapitia mabadiliko makubwa kadri muda unavyosonga ambayo huenda yakakosa kutimiza matarajio ya watumiaji.
Hatari ya Uaslama wa Maelezo. Sarafu za Kidijitali na matumizi ya Huduma huenda yakakumbwa na udukuzi au wizi. Wadukuzi au makundi au mashirika mengine yenye nia mbaya yanaweza kuhitilafiana na Huduma kwa njia mbalimbali, ikijumuisha, lakini sio tu, mashambulizi ya malware, mashambulizi ya kukataza huduma, mashambulizi ya kiidhini, mashambulizi ya Sybil, uporaji fedha kwa viwango vidogo vidogo na ulaghai wa kujifanya mtu mwingine ili kutekeleza wizi. Aidha, kwa sababu mitandao ya blockchain tunayoruhusu, kama vile mtandao wa Ethereum, inatumia programu ya "open-source", programu ambayo ndio msingi wa Huduma huenda ikawa na kasoro za kimakusudi au zisizo za kimakusudi ambazo huenda zikaathiri vibaya Huduma au kupelekea upotezaji a Sarafu za Kidijitali za mtumiaji au mtumiaji kushindwa kufikia au kudhibiti pochi lake kupitia Huduma. Endapo kutakuwa na kasoro kama hiyo ya programu, huenda kukawa hakuna suluhu na watumiaji hawahakikishiwi suluhu yoyote, kurejeshewa fedha au fidia.
Usahihi. Ingawa tunakusudia kutoa maelezo sahihi na kwa wakati yanayotolewa kupitia Huduma (ikijumuisha, bila kipimo, maudhui) huenda yakakosa kuwa sahihi, kamili au ya sasa kila wakati na pia inaweza kujumuisha kasoro za kiufundi na hitilafu za kimaandishi. Katika juhudi ya kuendelea kukupa maelezo kamili na sahihi kadri iwezekanavyo, kwa kiwango kinachoruhusiwa na sheria husika, maelezo yanaweza kubadilishwa au kusasishwa mara kwa mara bila ilani, ikijumuisha bila kipimo maelezo kuhusiana na sera, bidhaa na huduma zetu. Ipasavyo, unapaswa kuthibitisha maelezo yote kabla ya kuwasilisha na unawajibikia maamuzi yote kulingana na maelezo yalitopatianwa kupitia Huduma na hatutakuwa na dhima kwa ajili ya maamuzi hayo. 
Upatikanaji. Ingawa tunajitahisi kukupa huduma bora zaidi, hatutoi hakikisho kwamba Huduma zitapatikana bila kudakizwa. Huenda Huduma zinakosa kupatikana kwa muda tu mara kwa mara kwa ajili ya udumishaji au sababu nyingine. Hatuwajibikii hitilafu, kutojumuishwa, kudakizwa, kufutwa, kasoro, kuchelewa katika operesheni au utumaji, kuharibika, kuibiwa au uharibifu kwenye mitambo ya mawasiliano au mawasiliano ya mtumiaji kufikiwa bila idhini au kuhitilafiwa. Hatuwajibikii matatizo yoyote au kuharibika kwa mtandao au mtambo wowote wa simu, mifumo ya mtandaoni ya kompyuta, vifaa vya kompyuta, programu, barua pepe kufeli kwa ajili ya matatizo ya kiufundi au msongamano wa watumiaji kwenye Intaneti au kwenye Huduma au zote pamoja, ikijumuisha majeraha kwa watumiaji au kwa mtu mwingine yeyote kuhusiana au kutokana na kushiriki au kupakua nyenzo kuhusiana na Huduma. Hatuwajibikii hasara au uharibifu wowote, hasara zozote za kifedha au faida zilizopotezwa, upotezaji biashara, au jeraha la kibinafsi au kifo, zinazotokana na matumizi ya mtu yeyote ya Huduma, Maudhui yoyote yaliyochapishwa kwenye au kupitia Huduma au kuwasilishwa na watumiaji, au utangamano wowote baina ya watumaiji wa Huduma, iwe ni mtandaoni au nje ya mtandao.
Mifumo Tanzu. Programu inayotumiwa kutengeneza WLD ni ya wazi na bila malipo kwa mtu yeyote anayetaka kuinakili na kuitumia. Hii inamaanisha kwamba mtu yeyote anaweza kutengeneza toleo lililobadilishwa la WLD, linaloitwa "Mfumo Tanzu." Endapo kutakuwa na Mfumo Tanzu au ubadilishaji mwingine wowote wa mtandao wa Sarafu za Kidijitali, huenda hatutaweza kusaidia au kuunga mkono shughuli zozote zinazohusiana na Mfumo huo Tanzu. Miamala huenda ikakosa kukamilishwa, ikakamilishwa nusu, ikakamilishwa visivyo sahihi, au kucheleweshwa pakubwa wakati Mfumo Tanzu unapotokea. Hatuwajibikii hasara zozote zinazokukumba ambazo zinasababishwa kikamilifu au kwa sehemu tu na Mfumo Tanzu au mabadiliko mengine kwenye mtandao.
Huduma za Wahusika Wengine. Tunategemea watoa huduma wengine ili kukupa baadhi ya vipengele na utendaji ndani ya Programu hizi, kwa mfano uwezo wa kununua Mali ya Kidijitali ukitumia sarafu za kawaida, au uwez wa kubadilisha Mali fulani ya Kidijitali ili kupata nyingine. Hatutoi huduma hizi, na hatuhusiana na muamala wowote kama huo. Unategemea tu watoa huduma wengine ili kupata huduma hizi, na ni lazima uwe na akaunti za watoa huduma hawa wengine na ukubaliane na masharti yao. Hatuwezi kukusaidia ukikumbwa na matatizo unapotumia huduma yao, na hatuwajibikii miamala yoyote unayofanya ukitumia watoa huduma wengine. 
Mali ya Kiakili.
Umiliki. Programu yetu, programu ya kifaa tamba, Huduma, Maudhui na Alama (kama ilivyobainishwa hapa chini) na muundo, chaguo, na mpangilio wa Maudhui katika Huduma ("Hakimiliki") zinalindwa na hakimiliki, haki za alama za kibiashara, hataza, na hakimiliki nyingine na sheria za Marekani na za nchi nyingine husika. Unakubali kuheshimu hakimiliki na sheria zote, na pia ilani zozote au vikwazo vyovyote vya alama za kibiashara au hakimiliki vilivyo katika Makubaliano haya au Huduma. Hauwezi kuondoa ilani zozote za hakimiliki, alama za kibiashara, au hataza zilizo kwenye Mali Bunifu. 
Alama za Kibiashara. Jina Tools for Humanity Corporation, jina Worldcoin na muundo wake, nembo ya "Seven Hands" pamoja na nembo zote husiani, na kauli mbio ni alama za kibiashara au huduma za Tools for Humanity Corporation au wanaoipea leseni ("Alama"). Hauwezi kunakili, kuiga, au kutumia Alama, zikiwa nzima au sehemu yake, bila kibali chetu kwa maandishi. Alama za kibiashara, majina, au nembo nyingine zote zilizotajwa kuhusiana na Huduma ni mali ya wamiliki wake halisi na hauwezi kunakili, kuiga, au kuzitumia, zikiwa nzima au sehemu yake, bila kibali kwa maandishi cha mmiliki wa alama husika ya kibiashara. Ujumuishaji wa alama zozote za wahusika wengine katika Huduma hakumaanishi kwamba tunawaunga mkono, au tunawapendekeza.
Vikwazo vya Leseni
Leseni. Mradi iwe unastahiki kutumia Huduma na kulingananna uambatanaji wako na Sheria hizi, hapa tunakupa leseni yenye vipimo ya kufikia na kutumia Huduma.
Vikwazo vya Leseni. Hauwezi kuchapisha Maudhui kwenye tovuti yoyote ya Intaneti, Intraneti au Extraneti au kujumuisha maelezo katika hifadhidata au maktaba nyingine yoyote, na matumizi mengine yoyote ya maudhui yamepigwa marufuku kabisa. Matumizi yoyote ya Huduma kando na yaliyoidhinishwa hapa, bila idhini ya awali kwa maandishi, yamepigwa marufuku na yatasitisha leseni inayopatianwa hapa. Matuymizi hayo bila idhini pia yanaweza kukiuka sheria husika ikijumuisha bila kipimo sheria za hakimiliki an alama za kibiashara na kanuni na sheria husika za mawasiliano. Isipokuwa iwe imebainishwa moja kwa moja hapa, hakuna chochote kilicho katika Sheria hizi kitaonekana kama kinapeana leseni kwa haki za hakimiliki, iwe ni kwa kudai, kuashiria au vinginevyo. Tunaweza kubatilisha leseni hii wakati wowote bila ilani na kukiwa na bila sababu.
Serikali. Ikiwa wewe ni mtumiaji wa Serikali ya Marekani, tunakupa leseni ya Huduma kama "Commercial Item" kama ambavyo neno hilo limefafanuliwa katika U. S. Code of Federal Regulations (tazama 48 C. F. R. § 2.101), na haki tunazokupa za Huduma ni sawa na haki tunazowapa wengine wote chini ya Sheria hizi.
Matumizi Yanayokubalika
Unaweza tu kutumia Huduma kwa matumizi yako ya Kibinafsi pekee. Daima tunahifadhi haki, na kwa hiari, ya kuhakiki, kughairi au kukatiza ufikiaji wako au matumizi yako ya Huduma. Vipengee kwenye orodha ya Matumizi Yalikatazwa ni mfano tu na orodha hii si yote; huenda tukaongeza au kuondoa matumizi yaliyokatazwa kwa hiari yetu. 
Matumizi Yaliyokatazwa yanajumuisha shughuli Haramu: Shughuli yoyote ambayo inaweza kukiuka, au kusaidia katika ukiukaji wa, vikwazo vilivyowekwa na OFAC; kukiuka, au kusaidia katika ukiukaji wa, sheria zozote katika nchi ambako tunafanya biashara; kuhusisha faida kutokana na shughuli haramu; au kuchapisha, kusambaza, au kusambaza nyenzo zozote au maelezo yoyote haramu.
Matumizi Yaliyokatazwa yanajumuisha matumizi Kupindukia au Udukuzi: Shughuli yoyote ambayo inaweka miundombinu yetu kazi nyingi kupindukia; inaathiri vibaya, kuhitilafiana, au kudhuru mfumo, data, au maelezo yoyote; inatuma au kupakia nyenzo zozote kwenye Huduma ambazo zina virusi, au programu nyingine zozote haribifu au za kufuta; au inajaribu kuingia bila idhini kwenye mifumo au mitandao ya kompyuta iliyounganishwa na huduma.
Matumizi Yaliyokatazwa yanajumuisha matumizi Mabaya: Shughuli yoyote ambayo inahitilafiana na ufikiaji au matumizi ya Huduma ya mtu mwingine; inaharibia jina, kulaghai, kunyanyasa, kumtishia, au vinginevyo kukiuka haki za faragha, hakimiliki, au haki nyingine za kisheria za mtu mwingine; inachochea, kutishia, kuwezesha, kukuza, au kuhamasisha chuki, ubaguzi wa mbari, au matendo ya uhalifu dhidi ya wengine; au inavuna, kutohoa, au kukusanya data za mtumiaji mwingine kutoka kwenye Huduma bila kibali.
Matumizi Yaliyokatazwa yanajumuisha ulaghai na Matendo Mengine ya Biashara isiyo ya Haki: Shughuli yoyote ambayo inafanywa ili kutulaghai sisi, watumiaji wa wetu, au mtu mwingine yeyote; inatoa maelezo ya uwongo, yasiyo sahihi, au potovu kwetu; inaahidi faida kubwa zisizoeleweka au kuuza huduma bila manufaa kwa mnunuaji; au inaendeleza matendo mengine ya uwongo pamoja na michezo isiyo halali ya pata potea, mashindano, kamari, au michezo mingine ya bahati nasibu.
Matumizi Yaliyokatazwa yanajumuisha ukiukaji Hakimiliki: Shughuli yoyote ambayo inahusisha mauzo, usambazaji, au ufikiaji muziki, filamu, programu ghushi, au nyenzo nyingine zinazotumia leseni bila idhini mwafaka kutoka kwa wamiliki hakimiliki; inatumia mali bunifu (pamoja na Alama) bila idhini ya moja kwa moja au kwa njia ambayo inatudhuru sisi au biashara yetu; inaashiria kwa uwongo kwamba sisi tunaunga mkono au tunahusika; au inakiuka hakimiliki, alama ya kibiashara, haki ya kuwekwa hadharani au faraghani, au haki nyingine yoyote ya hakimiliki chini ya sheria.
Matumizi Yaliyokatazwa yanajumuisha 8. Wahudumu wa Orb
Tunashirikiana na wakandarasi huru wa nchini wanaoitwa "Wahudumu wa Orb," ambao wanawezesha shughuli ya kuwasajili watumiaji na kusaidia kujibu maswali ambayo huenda ukawa nayo kutuhusu sisi. Wahudumu hawa wa Orb wamepokea mafunzo na wanajua mengi kuhusu Worldcoin. Hata hivyo, hatuna udhibiti wa na tunakanusha dhima yote inayotokana na wanachosema au jinsi wanavyoendesha shughuli zao. Wahudumu wa Orb si maajenti wala waajiriwa wetu kwa njia yoyote. Juhudi, mchakato, sera, kanuni, au jitihada zozote zinazochukuliwa na TFH kwa ajili ya maslahi ya watumiaji wake haiashirii uhusiano wa kiajira au kiajenti na Mhudumu wa Orb. 
Uahirishaji
Huenda tukasimamisha na kuzuia ufikiaji wako wa Huduma: Tunahitajika kufanya hivyo chini ya amri halali, amri ya mahakama, au amri ya kimtaba ya mamlaka ya serikali; Tuna sababu ya kutuhumia kwamba unatumia Huduma kwa Matumizi Yaliyopigwa Marufuku; Matumizi yako ya Huduma yanaathiriwa na kesi, uchunguzi au mcjkato unaoendelea wa serikali na/au tunaona shughuli zako zinahusisha hatari kubwa ya kisheria au kutoambatana na kanuni za kiudhibiti; Wabia wetu wa huduma hawawezi kuendeleza matumizi yako; Unachukua hatua yoyote ambayo tunaona kwamba inaepuka vidhibiti vyetu.
Si Utoaji Ofa ya Faida za Hisa au Bidhaa
Maudhui ya Huduma hayajumuishi ofa ya kununua au kuuza au ushawishi wa ofa ya kununu au kuuza uwekezaji, hisa, nia za ubia, bidhaa au vipengee vingine vyovyote vya kifedha; maudhui au Huduma pia hazijumuishi, na haziwezi kutumika katika, au kuhusiana na, ofa au ushawishi wa mtu yeyote katika jimbo au mamlaka yoyote ambako ofa au ushawishi huo haujaidhinishwa au hairuhusiwi, au kwa mtu yeyote kwa ambaye ni kinyume cha sheria kumpa ofa au ushawishi huo.
Maudhui
Kutegemea Maudhui; Mabadiliko kwenye Huduma. Maelezo na nyenzo tunazokupa kupitia Huduma ("Maudhui") ni ya kimaelezo pekee, na hatutoi hakikisho kuhusiana na usahihi, umuhimu, au ukamilifu wake. Unapotegemea Maudhui yetu unafanya hivyo kwa shauri yako. Hatuna dhima wala wajibu kwa hatua zozote unazochukua au kutochukua kwa sababu ya maudhui, au kwa mtu yeyote unayemtumia Maudhui. Kauli za watumiaji wengine wakielezea jinsi wanavyotumia Huduma zilizo kwenye Huduma au mahali kwingineko hazipaswi kuchukuliwa kama tunaunga mkono kauli zao ikiwa kauli hizo haziendanishi na Sheria hizi au Maudhui yetu. Tunaweza kusasisha Maudhui mara kwa mara, lakini Maudhui hayo huenda yakakosa kuwa kamilifu au iliyosasishwa, hatuna jukumu kwako la kusasisha Maudhui au sehemu nyingine yoyote ya Huduma. Tunaweza kubadilisha au kusitisha, kwa muda tu au kabisa, Maudhui au Huduma zote au sehemu yoyote yake bila ilani ya awali kwako. Hatutakuwa na dhima kwa mabadiliko, uahirishaji, au usitishaji wowote wa Maudhui au Huduma zote au sehemu yake.
Huduma na Maudhui ya Wahusika Wengine. Tunaweza kupatiana viungo elekezi vya nyenzo za kielimu, webinar, mikutano, na promosheni kwenye mitandao ya kijamii ("Huduma za Wahusika Wengine") ambayo inawezesha kushiriki na ushirikiano miongoni mwa watumiaji wetu na wahusika wengine. Ukishiriki maelezo yoyote ya kibinafsi, picha, maoni, maudhui, au data nyingine zozote kwenye huduma hizo, unafanya hivyo kwa shauri yako, na matumizi yako ya huduma hizo upo chini ya sheria za matumizi na sera za faragha za huduma hizo, na sio zetu. Unapaswa kupitia sheria za matumizi za kila Huduma ya Mhusika Mwingine ili kuelewa vyema haki zako, na jinsi ambavyo majukwaa hayo yanavyotumia data zako. Hatuwajibikii hasara, udukuzi, au matumizi yoyote mabaya ya data zako vyovyote vile kuhusiana na Huduma yoyote ya Mhusika Mwingine (pamoja na utelekezaji) isipokuwa iwe dhima hiyo haiwezi kuzuiliwa chini ya sheria husika. Matumizi yako ya maelezo yoyote yanayotolewa na Huduma ya Mhusika Mwingine ("Maudhui ya Wahusika Wengine") ni kwa shauri yako, na hatukupi ahadi zozote kwamba Maudhui ya Wahusika Wengine ni sahihi, kamilifu, halali, au mwafaka kwa hali yako binafsi. Maudhui ya Wahusika Wengine yanajumuisha maelezo yaliyotolewa na watumiaji wengine na hatujayaunga mkono.
Maudhui ya Mtumiaji. Kama memba wa jamii wa Worldcoin, huenda ukachapisha ujumbe, data, programu, picha, video, au maudhui mengine ("Maudhui ya Mtumiaji") kwenye ubao wa ujumbe, blogi, akaunti za mitandao ya kijamii inayomilikiwa nasi, pamoja na maeneo mengine yanayopatikana hadharani kwenye Huduma. Majukwaa haya huenda ni sisi tunayandaa au kuandaliwa na Mtoa Huduma Mwingine kwa niaba yetu. Unawajibikia Maudhui yote ya Mtumiaji ambayo unawasilisha, kupakia, kuchapisha, au kuhifadhi kupitia Huduma. Ni lazima uto maonyo, maelezo, na ufichuaji wote unaohitajika na mwafaka kuhusiana na Maudhui yako ya Mtumiaji. Hatuwajibikii Maudhui yote ya Mtumiaji ambayo unawasilisha kupitia Huduma.
Leseni ya Maudhui ya Mtumiaji. Kwa kuwasilisha Maudhui ya Mtumiaji kwetu, unawakilisha kwamba una haki zote zinazohitajika kwenye Maudhui hayo ya Mtumiaji na kwa hivyo kutupatia leseni ya milele, ya kote ulimwenguni, isiyo ya kipekee, bila hakimiliki, inayoweza kutolewa leseni ndogo, na inayoweza kuhamishika ya kutumia, kusambaza, kuandaa kazi tohozi, kubadilisha, kuonyeshana, na kutekeleza maudhui yote ya Mtumiaji au sehemu yake katika uuzaji na promosheni zetu, na malengo mengine halali ya kibiashara yanayohusiana na Huduma. Tunaweza kusambaza tena kazi tohozi za Maudhui yako ya Mtumiaji kwa mfumo wowote na kupitia vyombo vyovyote vya habari tunavyochagua. Hapa pia unatupatia sisi na watumiaji wengine leseni isiyo ya kipekee ya kutumia, kufikia, kuzalisha tena, kusambaza, kubadilisha, na kuonyeshana, na kutekeleza Maudhui yako ya Mtumiaji kupitia Huduma.
Vikwazo vya Maudhui ya Mtumiaji. Unakubali kutotumia, kutoruhusu mhusika mwingine yeyote kutumia, Huduma kuchapisha au kutuma Maudhui yoyote ya Mtumiaji ambayo: yanaharibiana jina au sifa, au kufichua masuala ya faraghani na ya kibinafsi kumhusu mtu yeyote; ni chafu, ya uchi, ya kunyanyasa, ya kutishia, ya chuki, ya kuudhi kwa misingi ya mbari au kabila; ya kuhamasisha tabia ambayo inaweza kuchukuliwa kuwa hatia ya kijinai, inaweza kupelekea dhima ya umma, au ya kukiuka sheria yoyote, au vinginevyo haifai; inaweza kukiuka hakimiliki za wengine, pamoja na maandishi, ujumbe au programu, siri za kibiashara zenye hakimiliki au maelezo mengine ya hakimiliki, au alama za kibiashara au huduma zinazotumika kwa njia inayokiuka; au inayohitilafiana na matumizi ya Huduma na watumiaji wengine. Unawakilisha kwetu kwamba unachapisha Maudhui ya Mtumiaji kwenye Huduma kwa hiari; kwa kuchapisha Maudhui ya Mtumiaji hakuleti uhusiano wa Mwajiri na mwajiriwa baina yako nasi. Hauwezi kunakili wala kutumia anwani za barua pepe, nambari za simu, salio, majina ya mtumiaji, au maelezo nyingine ya kibinafsi kuhusu watumiaji wengine bila kibali chao. Barua pepe, barua, simu, au mawasiliano mengine bila maana kwa watumiaji wengine kupitia Huduma au kwa mbinu nyingine yoyote kumepigwa marufuku.
Malalamishi na Maudhui Kuondolewa kwa Ajili ya DMCA. Ikiwa unaamini kwamba alama yako ya kibiashara au kazi yenye hakimiliki imekiukwa na Maudhui yetu au Maudhui ya Mtumiaji kwenye Huduma au vinginevyo inachapishwa kwa njia ambayo inaashiriwa kwamba inaunga mkono au inahusiana nasi, tafadhali tutumie barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ikiwa na mada ya "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," bila kujali tukio husika. Ili lalamishi lako liwe fanisi na ili sisi tuweze kuchukua hatua chini ya Sheria ya Hakimiliki ya Milenia ya Kidijitali (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), ni lazima ufuate mahitaji ya DMCA kwa kujumuisha maelezo yafuatayo katika barua pepe yako utambuaji wazi wa kazi au alama iliyo na hakimiliki ambayo unadai imekiukwa, pamoja na nambari ya Usajili wa Hakimiliki ikiwa kazi hiyo imesajiliwa.
Malalamishi na Maudhui Kuondolewa kwa Ajili ya DMCA. Ikiwa unaamini kwamba alama yako ya kibiashara au kazi yenye hakimiliki imekiukwa na Maudhui yetu au Maudhui ya Mtumiaji kwenye Huduma au vinginevyo inachapishwa kwa njia ambayo inaashiriwa kwamba inaunga mkono au inahusiana nasi, tafadhali tutumie barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ikiwa na mada ya "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," bila kujali tukio husika. Ili lalamishi lako liwe fanisi na ili sisi tuweze kuchukua hatua chini ya Sheria ya Hakimiliki ya Milenia ya Kidijitali (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), ni lazima ufuate mahitaji ya DMCA kwa kujumuisha maelezo yafuatayo katika barua pepe yako utambulisho wa kazi au alama ambayounadai imekiukwa na ambayo ungependa iondolewe.
Malalamishi na Maudhui Kuondolewa kwa Ajili ya DMCA. Ikiwa unaamini kwamba alama yako ya kibiashara au kazi yenye hakimiliki imekiukwa na Maudhui yetu au Maudhui ya Mtumiaji kwenye Huduma au vinginevyo inachapishwa kwa njia ambayo inaashiriwa kwamba inaunga mkono au inahusiana nasi, tafadhali tutumie barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ikiwa na mada ya "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," bila kujali tukio husika. Ili lalamishi lako liwe fanisi na ili sisi tuweze kuchukua hatua chini ya Sheria ya Hakimiliki ya Milenia ya Kidijitali (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), ni lazima ufuate mahitaji ya DMCA kwa kujumuisha maelezo yafuatayo katika barua pepe yako kiungo elekezi au mwelekeo mwingine wazi wa kutuiwezesha kupata maudhui ambayo yanakiuka.
Malalamishi na Maudhui Kuondolewa kwa Ajili ya DMCA. Ikiwa unaamini kwamba alama yako ya kibiashara au kazi yenye hakimiliki imekiukwa na Maudhui yetu au Maudhui ya Mtumiaji kwenye Huduma au vinginevyo inachapishwa kwa njia ambayo inaashiriwa kwamba inaunga mkono au inahusiana nasi, tafadhali tutumie barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ikiwa na mada ya "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," bila kujali tukio husika. Ili lalamishi lako liwe fanisi na ili sisi tuweze kuchukua hatua chini ya Sheria ya Hakimiliki ya Milenia ya Kidijitali (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), ni lazima ufuate mahitaji ya DMCA kwa kujumuisha maelezo yafuatayo katika barua pepe yako anwani yako ya barua pepe, anwani ya barua, na nambari ya simu; na
Malalamishi na Maudhui Kuondolewa kwa Ajili ya DMCA. Ikiwa unaamini kwamba alama yako ya kibiashara au kazi yenye hakimiliki imekiukwa na Maudhui yetu au Maudhui ya Mtumiaji kwenye Huduma au vinginevyo inachapishwa kwa njia ambayo inaashiriwa kwamba inaunga mkono au inahusiana nasi, tafadhali tutumie barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ikiwa na mada ya "[Trademark/Copyright] Complaint," bila kujali tukio husika. Ili lalamishi lako liwe fanisi na ili sisi tuweze kuchukua hatua chini ya Sheria ya Hakimiliki ya Milenia ya Kidijitali (Digital Millennium Copyright Act, "DMCA"), ni lazima ufuate mahitaji ya DMCA kwa kujumuisha maelezo yafuatayo katika barua pepe yako kauli iliyotiwa sahihi kwamba una imani kwa nia nzuri kwamba maudhui yanakiuka, kwamba maelezo unayotoa ni sahihi, na kwamba wewe ndiye mmiliki au umeidhinishwa kumwakilisha mmiliki wa maudhui hayo.
Pia unapaswa kuelewa kwamba chini ya Sehemu ya 512(f) ya DMCA, mtu yeyote ambaye anatuma ilani za uwongo za ukiukaji huenda akawa na dhima kwa hasara, kwa hivyo tafadhali usifanye madai ya uwongo. Tunaweza kushiriki maelezo au mawasiliano yoyote unatupatia uliyofanya na wahusika wengine, pamoja na mtu aliyepakia kwenye Huduma nyenzo zinazodaiwa kukiuka.
Tunapopokea ilani ya kweli ya ukiukaji, sera yetu ni: kuondoa mara moja au kulemaza ufikiaji wa maudhui yanayokiuka; kumwarifu mtu aliyepakia maudhui yanayokiuka kwamba tumeondoa au tumelemaza ufikiaji wa maudhui hayo; na kwa wanaorudia hatia, kusitisha uwezo wao wa kufikia Huduma. Tukipokea ilani ya kukataa kutoka kwa mtu huyo, tunaweza kukutumia nakala ya ilani hiyo ya kukataa ili kuelezea kwamba huenda tukarejesha maudhui yaliyoondolewa au tukaacha kuyalemaza ndani ya siku 10 za biashara. Isipokuwa uwasilishe kesi ukitaka amri ya mahakama dhidi yetu au dhidi ya mtu ambaye alipakia maudhui hayo, tutarejesha ufikiaji wa maudhui yaliyoondolewa ndani ya siku 10 hadi 14 za biashara au nyingi zaidi baada ya kupokea ilani ya kukataa, kwa hiari yetu.
KANUSHO LA HAKIKISHO 
Matumizi yako ya Huduma ni kwa shauri yako. Huduma, WLD, maudhui na mali bunifu nyingine zote zinatolewa "KAMA ZILIVYO" na "KAMA ZINAVYOPATIKANA" bila uwakilisho au hakikisho lolote, iwe ni moja kwa moja, imeashiriwa, au chini ya sheria. Kwa kiwango kamili kinachoruhusiwa na sheria husika, tunakanusha hakikisho zozozote zilizoashiriwa za umiliki, kibiashara, uzima kwa ajili ya dhumuni fulani, au kutokiuka kuhusiana na vipengele, maudhui, au mali bunifu nyingine iliyo katika Huduma. Baadhi ya maeneo ya mamlaka hayaruhusu kutojumuishwa kwa hakikisho zilizoashiriwa, kwa hivyo kutojumuishwa huku huenda kukakosa kukuathiri. Hatuungami, kuhakikishia, au kuwajibikia matangazo, ofa, au kauli zozote zinazotolewa na wahusika wengine, pamoja na watumiaji wengine kuhusiana na Huduma.
Hatutoi uwakilisho au hakikisho zozote kwamba ufikiaji wa Huduma zote au sehemu yake utakuwa endelevu, bila kudakizwa, kwa wakati, salama, au bila hitilafu; kwamba Huduma au maudhui ni sahihi, kamilifu, aminifu, au ya sasa; kwamba Huduma hazina virusi au vipengele vingine haribifu; au kwamba Huduma au maudhui yatatimiza mahitaji, au matarajio yako.
Aidha, hatutoi uwakilisho au hakikisho zozote kuhusiana na uhalali wa Huduma au WLD kwa matumizi yoyote, au kwamba Huduma au WLD zitatimiza mahitaji yoyote ya kiudhibiti au uambatanaji. Una wajibu wa kubainisha na kuambatana na vikwazo na mahitaji yote ya kisheria na kiudhibiti ambayo yanatawala matumizi yako ya Huduma au WLD. Isipokuwa kwa kauli za moja kwa moja zilizobainishwa katika Sheria hizi, hapa unakiri na kukubaliana kwamba haujategemea kauli nyingine yoyote au uelewa mwingine wowote, iwe ni kwa maandishi au matamshi, kuhusiana na ufikiaji na matumizi yako ya Huduma au WLD.
Hatutendi na hatuwezi kutenda kama mshauri wako kuhusiana na masuala yoyote au kifedha, kisheria, uwekezaji, na ushuru. Maudhui yoyote ni sahihi kuanzia tarehe iliyoonyeshwa. Mipango, makadirio, utabiri, malengo na/au maoni yoyote yaliyotolewa hapa yanakabiliwa na hatari, kutokuwa na uhakika na dhana, na kwa hivyo yanaweza kuwa si sahihi na yanaweza kubadilika bila ilani. Hakuna maudhui yanapaswa kutegemewa. 
Baadhi ya maelezo yanayopatikana hapa yanaweza kuwa yamechukuliwa kutoka kwa wahusika wengine. Ijapokuwa vyanzo kama hivyo vinachukuliwa kuwa vya kuaminika, hatujathibitisha moja kwa moja maelezo hayo yote na hatutoi uwakilisho kuhusiana na usahihi wake. Hatujasajiliwa kama wauzaji hisa au washauri wa uwekezaji. Hatutoi uwakilisho, na haswa tunajitenga nahakikisho zote, za moja kwa moja, zilizoashiriwa, au za kisheria, kuhusiana na usahihi, wakati, au ukamilifu wa nyenzo zozote zilizo kwenye Huduma. Maudhui yetu yaliyotolewa ni ya kimaelezo jumla, na una wajibu wa kubaini kana kwamba utatumia Huduma au la. Unatambua kwamba kufanya biashara, kutumia, na kumiliki Sarafu za Kidijitali kuna hatari kubwa. Unaweza ukapoteza fedha zote zilizo kwenye pochi lako. Unatambua kwamba Huduma inaweza kuwa chini ya vikwazo vya uuzaji nje ya nchi na vikwazo vya kiuchumi vinavyowekwa na sheria ya Marekani.
Hatuna dhima kwako au kwa mhusika mwingine kwa ajili ya marekebisho yoyote au usitishaji wa Huduma, au uahirishaji au usitishaji wa ufikiaji wako wa Huduma. 
KIPIMO CHA DHIMA
Hatutengi wala kuweke kipimo dhima yetu kwako ambapo ni kinyume cha sheria kufanya hivyo. Katika nchi ambako aina za mambo yasiyojumuishwa zilizo hapa chini ambazo haziruhusiwi, tunwajibu kwako tu kwa hasara na uharibifu ambao haungeweza kutabirika kutokana na sisi kutokuwa waangalifu na kutotumia ujuzi tosha au sisi kukiuka mkataba wetu nawe. Aya hii haiathiri haki za mtumiaji ambazo haziwezi kuondolewa au kuwekewa kipimo na mkataba au makubaliano yoyote.
Kwa kiwango kinachoruhusiwa na sheria, unakubaliana kwamba hakuna wakati sisi au maafisa, wakurugenzi, waajiriwa, wakandarasi, maajenti, washirika wetu, au kampuni zetu tanzu ("Wahusika wa TFH") tutakuwa na dhima kwako kwa ajili ya hasara zozote zisizo za moja kwa moja, za kiadhabu, za bahati mbaya, maalum, zinazotokana na jambo lingine, au za kuigwa, pamoja na hasara za kupoteza faida, nia nzuri, matumizi, data, au mali nyingine isiyoweza kugusika, iwe dhima hiyo imewekwa kwa msingi wa ukiukaji au vinginevyo, au iwe Wahusika wa TFH wamefahamishwa au hawajafahamishwa kuhusu uwezekano wa hasara hizo zinazohusiana au kutokana na: matumizi yako au wewe kutoweza kutumia Huduma, Sarafu zako za Kidijitali, au mtandao wa Worldcoin; kutoweza kufikia ua kusitishwa kwa Huduma; udukuzi, hitilafu, ufikiaji bila idhini au ubadilishaji wa muamala wowote au Data zako; muamala au makubaliano yoyote yanayofanyika baina yako na mhusika mwingine kupitia Huduma; shughuli au mawasiliano yoyote na wahusika wengine; matendo ya Wahudumu wa Orb, upotezaji wowote wa thamani ya Sarafu zozote za Kidijitali; Maudhui yoyote ya Wahusika Wengine yanayofikiwa kwenye au kupitia Huduma; hitilafu, makosa, au kasoro kwenye Maudhui yetu; majeraha ya kibinafsi au uharibifu wa mali wa aina yoyote ile unaotokana na ufikiaji wowote na matumizi ya Huduma; virusi, au virusi vinavyoweza kutumwa kwenye au kupitia Huduma; au tabia ya kuharibia jina, inayodhuru, au haramu ya mhusika mwingine yeyote. Kipimo hiki cha dhima kitatumika ikiwa hasara zinaibuka kutoka na matumizi au matumizi mabaya ya, au kwa ajili ya kutegemea TFH au Huduma, bila kujali kutofaulu kwa lengo muhimu la suluhu yoyote na kwa kiwango kamili kinachoruhusiwa na sheria husika.
Hakuna wakati ambapo Wahusika wa TFH watakuwa na dhima kwako kwa ajili ya madai, kesi, dhima majukumu, uharibifu, hasara, au gharama zozote za moja kwa moja kwa kiwango kinachozidi $100.00. Ikiwa haujaridhika na Huduma, unakubaliana kwamba suluhu yako pekee itakuwa ya wewe kuacha kutumia Huduma. Kipimo hiki cha dhima kitatumika kwa kiwango kamili kinachoruhusiwa na sheria husika. 
Kibali na Uondoaji Lawama. Unakubali kutetea, kuondolea lawama, na kuchukulia Wahusika wa TFH kuwa wasiodhuru dhidi ya madai, hasara, gharama, dhima, na ada za wakili zinazoletwa dhidi ya Mhusika wa TFH na mhusika yeyote mwingine kuhusiana na kutokana na: matumizi yako ya Huduma; ukiukaji wako wa Sheria hizi; ukiukaji wako wa haki za mtu mwingine; tabia yako kuhusiana na Huduma; au matumizi yako ya WLD, Sarafu zozote za Kidijitali, au mtandao wa Worldcoin. Baadhi ya mamlaka zinawekea kipimo kiwango cha uondoaji lawama wa watumiaji, kwa hivyo baadhi ya vipengele au vipengele vyote katika aya hii huenda visikuathiri. Ikiwa una jukumu la kumwondolea lawama Mhusika yeyote wa TFH, tunahifadhi haki, kwa hiari yetu binafsi, ya kudhibiti hatua au kesi yoyote na kubaini kana kwamba tutafidiana na kwa masharti gani.
IKIWA WEWE NI MKAAZI WA CALIFORNIA, unaondoa haki zako za kupata manufaa na kinga za sheria ya California Civil Code § 1542, ambayo inajumuisha: "[a] kibali jumla hakitumiki kwa madai kwamba mtoa kibali hajui au hadhanii kuwa angenufaika wakati alipokuwa akiidhinisha kibali na kwamba, ikiwa alikuwa anajua, ingeathiri pakubwa kiwango cha fidia kutoka kwa anayepokea kibali."
Sheria Inayotawala
Ikiwa unaishi katika Eneo la Kiuchumi la Ulaya (European Economic Area, EEA), basi sheria ya Jamhuri ya Ujerumani itatumika kwenye Makubaliano haya na migigoro yoyote inayoibuka kutokana au kuhusiana na Makubaliano haya. Ikiwa unaishi nje ya EEA, basi sheria za Jimbo la Carlifonia zitatumika kwenye Makubaliano haya na migigoro yoyote inayoibuka kutokana au kuhusiana na Makubaliano haya. Sheria inayotawala iliyotajwa katika sehemu hii itatumika bila kujali ukinzani wa sheria. Unakubali zaidi kwamba Huduma itachukuliwa kuwa ya Jimbo la California pekee, na kwamba ingawa Huduma zinaweza kupatikana katika maeneo mengine ya mamlaka, upatikanaji wake hauibui mamlaka ya kijumla au kibinafsi katika jukwaa lolote nje ya Jimbo la California.
USULUHISHAJI MIGOGORO, MCHAKATO WA USULUHISHAJI NA UONDOAJI KESI YA KUNDI
TAFADHALI SOMA AYA ZIFUATAZO KWA MAKINI. ZINAKUHITAJI WEWE KUSULUHISHA MIGOGORO NASI KUPITIA MCHAKATO WA USULUHISHAJI BINAFSI MBELE YA MSULUHISHAJI MMOJA, NA SIO KAMA MMOJA YA WANAOLETA KESI YA KUNDI. MCHAKATO WA USULUHISHAJI UNAKUZUIA KUTOTUSHTAKI MAHAKAMANI AU KUTOKUWA NA KESI MBELE YA HAKIMU, INGAWA UNAWEZA KULETA MGOGORO DHIDI YETU KATIKA MAHAKAMA YA MADAI MADOGO IKIWA UNASTAHIKI. 
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") mchakato wa usuluhishaji utaendeshwa faraghani na msuluhishaji mmoja. Msuluhishaji atatumia vipengele vya kipimo na sheria nyingine zote husika kuu na ataheshimu haki ya kutofichua maelezo fulani yanayotambuliwa na sheria husika.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") ikiwa unaishi nje ya EEA, basi mgogoro utasuluhishwa kikamilifu na mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaoendeshwa na Taasisi ya usuluhishaji ya Ujerumani (German Arbitration Institute, DIS) kulingana na Sheria za Usuluhishaji za DIS. Mchakato wa usuluhishaji utafanyika mjini Berlin, Ujerumani, isipokuwa wewe na sisi tukubaliane kuufanyia kwingineko. Unakubali kwamba mahakama mjini Berlin, Ujerumani ndiko mahali kunakofaa kwa kesi zozote za rufaa za tuzo la mchakato wa usuluhishaji au kwa kesi za mahakamani endapo kifungu hiki cha mchakato wa usuluhishaji katika Makubaliano haya kinapatikana kuwa hakiwezi kutekelezeka.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") ikiwa unaishi nje ya EEA, basi mgogoro utasuluhishwa kikamilifu na mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaoendeshwa na JAMS kulingana na Sheria za Usuluhishaji Rahisi za JAMS (JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules), isipokuwa iwe kiwango kilichokadiriwa cha Mgogoro ni $250,000 au zaidi, ambapo Sheria za Usuluhishaji Mgumu za JAMS (JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules) zitatumika. Mchakato wa usuluhishaji utafanyika mjini San Francisco, California, isipokuwa wewe na sisi tukubaliane kuufanyia kwingineko. Unakubali kwamba mahakama za serikali ya kitaifa na jimbo mjini San Francisco, California ndiko mahali kunakofaa kwa kesi zozote za rufaa za tuzo la mchakato wa usuluhishaji au kwa kesi za mahakamani endapo kifungu hiki cha mchakato wa usuluhishaji katika Makubaliano haya kinapatikana kuwa hakiwezi kutekelezeka.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") katika mchakato wowote wa usuluhishaji, bila kujali eneo lake, wahusika hawataomba kufahamishwa awali kuhusu ushahidi wa mhusika yule mwingine, naye msuluhishaji hatawaruhusu wahusika kuhusika katika kufahamishana awali kuhusu ushahidi wa kila upande; badala yake, kila mhusika atafichua ushahidi wake katika saa na tarehe itayokubalianwa kabla ya kipindi cha mwisho cha mchakato wa usuluhishaji.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") makubaliano haya ya Usuluhishaji yanasimamia uwezo wa kutekelezeka, uwezo wa kubatilishwa, wigo, na uhalali wa Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji au sehemu yoyote ya Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji, na Migogoro mingine yote inayoibuka kuhusiana au kutokana na ufafanuzi au matumizi ya Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji; na masuala hayo yote yataamuliwa na msuluhishaji na sio mahakama wala hakimu.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") ikiwa msuluhishaji au msimamizi wa mchakato wa usuluhishaji atakutoza ada za kuandikisha madai au gharama nyingine za ofisi, tutakufidia, baada ya ombi, kwa kiwango ambacho ada au gharama hizo hazitazidi zile ambazo ungelipia ikiwa ingekuwa kesi mahakamani. Pia tutalipia ada na gharama za ziada ikiwa inaagizwa na sheria za msuluhishaji au sheria husika.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") kwa ombi la mhusika yeyote, mchakato wote wa usuluhishaji utafanywa kwa usiri mkubwa na, hivyo basi, hati zote, ushahidi wote, na rekodi zote zitapokewa, kusikizwa, na kuhifadhiwa na msuluhishaji kwa siri na kufungiwa, na kuweza kufikiwa na wahusika pekee, mawakili wao husika, na wataalam wao husika, washauri, au mashahidi ambao wamekubali, hapo awali na kwa maandishi, kupokea maelezo hayo yote kama siri ili kutumiwa kwa malengo pekee ya mchakato wa usuluhishaji.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") kando na kesi za kundi na suluhu zilizojadiliwa katika Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji, msuluhishaji ana mamlaka ya kutoa suluhu yoyote ambayo vinginevyo ingepatikana mahakamani.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") uamuzi wowote wa fidia inayotuzwa na msuluhishaji unaweza kukubalika katika mahakama yoyote yenye mamlaka adilifu.
Tutatumia jitihada zetu bora kusuluhisha migogoro yoyote inayoweza kutokea kupitia majadiliano yasiyo rasmi ya nia nzuri. Endapo mgogoro utaibuka, ni lazima uwasiliane nasi kwa kututumia barua pepe kwa anwani legalnotice@toolsforhumanity.com ili tuweze kujaribu kuusuluhisha bila kutumia mchakato rasmi wa usuluhishaji migogoro. Ikiwa hatutaweza kufikia suluhu kwa njia isiyo rasmi ndani ya siku 60 za kutumiana barua pepe, na uchague kuibua dai kulingana na sheria ya shirikisho au jimbo, sheria ya kawaida, kulingana na mkataba, ukiukaji, ulaghai, maelezo potovu au msingi mwingine wowote wa kisheria, au kesi nyingine yoyote rasmi inayohusiana au kutokana na Sheria hizi, Maudhui au Huduma (kila moja, "Mgogoro"), kisha ukubali kusuluhisha Mgogoro huo kupitia mchakato wa usuluhishaji unaokufunga, kwa msingi wa mtu binafsi kulingana na masharti yafuatayo (kwa pamoja, "Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji") ikiwa hitaji la kufanya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji au kukataliwa kwa kesi za kundi na Migogoro mingine iliyoletwa kwa niaba ya wahusika wengine walio katika Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji litapatikana kuwa haliwezi kutekelezeka, basi ni vipengele pekee ambavyo haviwezi kutekelezeka vitakavyochukuliwa kuwa vimeondolewa kutoka kwenye Sheria hizi na majukumu yote yanayosalia katika Sheria hizi yataendelea kutekelezwa kikamilifu.
Haki ya Kujiondoa ya Siku 30. Una haki ya kujiondoa na kutofungwa na Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji kwa kutuma barua pepe kutoka kwa anwani ya barua pepe ambayo ulitumia kusajili programu yako na ikiwa na Mada ya: "ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT. Ni lazima utume barua pepe yako ndani ya siku 30 baada ya kukubaliana na Sheria hizi, kando na hivyo utalazimika kutumia mchakato wa usuluhishaji ili kusuluhisha Migogoro kulingana na masharti ya Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji. Ukijiondoa kwenye Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji, sisi pia haitafungwa na Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji.
Mabadiliko kwenye Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji. Tutakupa ilani ya siku 30 ya mabadiliko yoyote kwenye sehemu ya Sheria hizi iliyo na kichwa "Usuluhishaji Migogoro, Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji na Uondoaji Kesi ya Kundi" kwa kukupatia ilani, na mabadiliko hayo yataanza kutumika siku 30 baada ya kupokea ilani kutoka kwetu. Mabadiliko kwenye sehemu ya Usuluhishaji Migogoro, Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji na Uondoaji Kesi ya Kundi yatatumika tu kwa Migogoro inayoibuka baada ya siku ya 30. Ikiwa mahakama au msuluhishaji ataamua kwamba mabadiliko kwenye sehemu hiihayawezi kutekelezwa au si halali, basi mabadiliko hayo yataondolewa kwenye Sheria hizi nayo mahakama au msuluhishaji atatumia masharti ya toleo la kwanza la Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji yaliyoanza kutumika baada ya kuanza kutumia Huduma. Unaweza kutumia haki yako ya kujiondoa kwenye masharti mapya ya Makubaliano ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji kwa kufuta utaratibu uliobainishwa katika sehemu iliyo hapa juu kwa kichwa "Haki ya Kujiondoa ya Siku 30."
Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji yataendelea kutumika hata Sheria hizi zikisitishwa, na wewe kuacha kutumia Huduma.
Bila kujali chochote kilicho katika Makubaliano haya ya Mchakato wa Usuluhishaji, mhusika yeyote anaweza kuanzisha kesi ya kumwondolea wajibu ili kusitisha matumizi bila idhini au matumizi mabaya ya Huduma, au ukiukaji wa hakimiliki (kwa mfano, alama za kibiashara, siri za kibiashara, hakimiliki, au haki za hataza) bila kwanza kuhusisha mchakato wa usuluhishaji au mchakato usio rasmi wa kusuluhisha migogoro ulioelezewa hapa juu.
Misimamo Jumla
Hakuna Kuondoa Haki; Ubaya; Kutoweza Kupewa Jukumu. Sisi kushindwa kutekeleza kipengele si kuondoa haki yetu ya kufanya hivyo baadaye. Ikiwa kipengele fulani kitapatikana kuwa hakiwezi kutekelezeka, vipengele vinavyosalia vya Sheria hizi vitasalia kutumika kikamilifu na kipengele kinachoweza kutekelezeka kitachukua nafasi hiyo ili kuonyesha jitihada zetu kadri iwezekanavyo. Hauwezi kupeana haki zako zozote chini ya Sheria hizi, na jaribio lolote la kufanya hivyo litakuwa bure. Tunaweza kupeana haki zake kwa mshirika wake yeyote au kampuni yoyote yake tanzu, au kwa mrithi yeyote kwa ajili ya shughuli yoyote inayohusiana na Huduma.
Makubaliano Kamili. Makubaliano haya yanajumuisha makubaliano yote na kamili baina yako nasi kuhusiana na Huduma na yana nguvu kuliko maelewano, makubaliano, uwakilisho, na hakikisho zote za hapo awali, kwa maandishi na matamshi, kuhusiana na Huduma. Vichwa vya sehemu mbalimbali katika Sheria hizi ni vya kurahisisha mambo tu na havitatawala maana au ufafanuzi wa kipengele chochote.
Kudumu. Vipengele vyote vya Sheria hizi kuhusiana na uahirishaji au usitishaji, madeni kwa TFH, matumizi jumla ya Huduma, Migogoro na TFH, na pia vipengele ambavyo vinazidi wakati wa usitishaji wa Sheria hizi, vitadumu hata baada ya usitishaji wa Sheria hizi.
Uhusiano wa Wahusika. Hakuna kitu chochote katika Sheria hizi kitachukuliwa au kinakusudiwa kuchukuliwa, wala kitakachokufanya na TFH kuchukuliwa kuwa wabia, wanabiashara wenza, au vinginevyo kama washirika wa pamoja katika faida, na wewe wala TFH hamtachukuliwa kuwa ajenti wa yule mwingine. Hii inajumuisha kwamba hakuna kitu chochote katika Sheria hizi kinaweka au kinakusudiwa kuweka uhusiano wowote wa ajira baina yako na TFH.
Hakuna Majukumu ya Ushauri wa Kitaalamu au Kifedha. Maudhui yote yanayotolewa nasi ni ya malengo ya kimaelezo pekee na hayapaswi kuchukuliwa kama ushauri wa kitaalamu. Haupaswi kuchukua, au kutochukua, hatua yoyote kwa sababu ya maelezo yaliyo katika Sheria hizi. Kabla ya kufanya maamuzi yoyote ya kifedha, kisheria, au mengine yanayohusiana na Huduma au Sarafu zozote za Kidijitali, unapaswa kutafuta ushauri huru wa kitaalamu kutoka kwa mtu ambaye ana leseni na amehitimu katika nyanja ambayo ushauri huo unafaa. Sheria hizi hazikusudiwi, na hatengenezi wala kutuwekea majukumu yoyote ya kifedha. Kwa kiwango kamili kinachoruhusiwa na Sheria, unakiri na kukubali kwamba hatuna majukumu au dhima za kifedha kwako au kwa mhusika mwingine yeyote, na kwamba kwa kiwango ambazo majukumu au dhima hizo huenda zikakuwepo kisheria, majukumu au dhima hizo zimekanushwa, kuondolewa, na kutupiliwa mbali jinsi isiyoweza kubatilishika. Aidha unakubali kwamba wajibu na majukumu pekee ambayo tuko nayo kwako ni yale ambayo yamebainishwa moja kwa moja katika Sheria hizi.
Mabadiliko kwenye Udhibiti. Endapo tutanunuliwa au kuungana na shirika lingine, au vinginevyo kupeana majukumu mengine kwa shirika husika au linalorithi au shirika lingine ambalo tutaona ni kwa maslahi bora ya Watumiaji, basi tunahifadhi haki, katika tukio lolote kati ya matukio haya, ya kuhamisha au kupatiana Data ambazo tumekusanya kutoka kwako kama sehemu ya muungano huo, kunukuliwa huko, uuzaji huo, au badiliko nyingine kwenye udhibiti.
Mambo Yasiyotarajiwa na Yasiyoweza Kudhibitiwa. Hatutawajibikia kuchelewa, utendakazi duni, au huduma kudakizwa ambao moja kwa moja au vinginevyo kunapelekea mabadiliko makubwa sokoni katika thamani ya Sarafu za Kidijitali, tendo lolote la Mungu, matendo ya mamlaka za kijamii au kijeshi, matendo ya magaidi, usumbufu wa umma, vita, mgomo, dharura ya afya, mgogoro wa leba, moto, mawasiliano ya simu au huduma za Intaneti na huduma za mtandao kudakizwa, vifaa au programu kutofanya kazi, au jambo au hali yoyote ambayo haiwezi kudhibitiwa (kila moja, "Tukio la Mambo Yasiyotarajiwa na Yasiyoweza Kudhibitiwa"). Utokeaji wa Tukio la Mambo Yasiyotarajiwa na Yasiyoweza Kudhibitiwa hautaathiri uhalali na uwezo wa kutekelezeka wa kipengele chochote kilichosalia cha Sheria hizi.
Maduka ya Programu. Mahali ambapo unapakua Programu zetu kutoka kwa duko lolote la programu au jukwaa la usambazaji kando na Apple App Store, ikijumuisha Google Play Store ("Jukwaa la Usambazaji") unakubali kwamba masharti ni kati yako na sisi, na si na mtoaji Jukwaa la Usambazaji ("Mtoaji Duka").
Maduka ya Programu. Mahali ambapo unapakua Programu zetu kutoka kwa duko lolote la programu au jukwaa la usambazaji kando na Apple App Store, ikijumuisha Google Play Store ("Jukwaa la Usambazaji") unakubali kwamba matumizi yako ya Programu ni lazima yaambatane na Sheria za Huduma za wakati huo za Jukwaa la Usambazaji la Mtoaji Duka.
Maduka ya Programu. Mahali ambapo unapakua Programu zetu kutoka kwa duko lolote la programu au jukwaa la usambazaji kando na Apple App Store, ikijumuisha Google Play Store ("Jukwaa la Usambazaji") unakubali kwamba mtoaji Duka ni mtoaji tu wa Jukwaa la Usambazaji ambako ulipakua Programu.
Maduka ya Programu. Mahali ambapo unapakua Programu zetu kutoka kwa duko lolote la programu au jukwaa la usambazaji kando na Apple App Store, ikijumuisha Google Play Store ("Jukwaa la Usambazaji") unakubali kwamba ni sisi pekee, na si Mtoaji Duka, tunawajibikia Programu.
Maduka ya Programu. Mahali ambapo unapakua Programu zetu kutoka kwa duko lolote la programu au jukwaa la usambazaji kando na Apple App Store, ikijumuisha Google Play Store ("Jukwaa la Usambazaji") unakubali kwamba mtoaji Duka hana jukumu wala dhima kwako kuhusiana na Programu au Sheria hizi; na
Maduka ya Programu. Mahali ambapo unapakua Programu zetu kutoka kwa duko lolote la programu au jukwaa la usambazaji kando na Apple App Store, ikijumuisha Google Play Store ("Jukwaa la Usambazaji") unakubali kwamba unatambua na kukubali kwamba Mtoaji Duka ni mnufaika mwingine wa Sheria inavyohusiana na Programu.
Apple App Store. Sehemu hii inatumika ambapo Programu zimepakuliwa kutoka kwenye Apple App Store. Unatambua na kukubali kwamba Sheria ni kati yako na sisi, si Apple, Inc. ("Apple") na kwamba Apple haina wajibu wowote kuhusiana na Programu au maudhui yaliyo ndani yake. Matumizi yako ya Programu ni lazima yaambatane na Sheria za Huduma za Duka la Programu.
Unatambua kwamba Apple haina jukumu lolote lile la kutoa huduma zozote za udumishaji na usaidizi kuhusiana na Programu. Endapo kuna wakati wowote ambapo Programu inakosa kuambatana na waranti zozote husika, unaweza kuarifu Apple, na Apple itakurejeshea fedha ulizotumia kununua Programu; kwa kiwango cha juu zaidi kinachoruhusiwa na sheria husika, Apple haitakuwa na jukumu lingine lolote la waranti kuhusiana na Programu, na madai, hasara, dhima, uharibifu, gharama zingine zozote zinazohusiswa na ukosefu wowote wa kukosa kuambatana na waranti yoyote zitatawaliwa na Sheria hii na sheria yoyote husika kwetu kama mtoaji Programu.
Unatambua kwamba Apple haina wajibu wa kushughulikia madai yoyote yako au mhusika yeyote mwingine kuhusiana na Programu au umiliki wako na/au matumizi yako ya Programu, ikijumuisha, lakini sio tu: madai ya shima ya bidhaa; dai lolote kwamba Programu zinakosa kuambatana na hitaji lolote husika la kisheria au kikanuni; na madai yanayoibuka chini ya ulinzi wa mtumiaji au sheria sawa; na madai yote kama hayo yanatawaliwa tu na Sheria hizi na sheria yoyote husika kwetu kama mtoaji Programu.
Unatambua kwamba, endapo kutakuwa na dai lolote la mhusika mwingine kwamba Programu au umiliki au matumizi yako ya Programu yanakiuka haki za hakimiliki za mhusika huyo mwingine, ni TFH, si Apple, itawajibika kuhakikisha uchunguzi, ulinzi, fidia na utekelezaji wa dai lolote kama hilo la ukiukaji hakimiliki kwa kiwango kinachohitajika na Sheria.
Unawakilisha na kutoa hakikisho kwamba haupo katika nchi ambayo ipo chini ya marufuku ya Serikali ya Marekani, au ambayo imetajwa na Serikali ya Marekani kuwa nchi "inayosaidia ugaidi"; na haujaorodheshwa kwenye orodha yoyote ya Serikali ya Marekani ya watu waliopigwa marufuku au wanaozuiliwa.
Wewe na TFH mnatambua na kukubali kwamba Apple, na kampuni tanzu za Apple, ni wanufaika wengine wa Sheria za Huduma kuhusiana na leseni yako ya Programu, na kwamba, baada ya wewe kukubali sheria na masharti ya Sheria za Huduma, Apple itakuwa na haki (na inaonekana kuwa imekubali kuwa ina haki) ya kutekeleza Sheria za Huduma kama inavyohusiana na leseni yako ya Programu dhidi yako kama mnufaika mwingine hapa.
Suluhu kwa Malalamishi. Tumeteua Afisa wa Malalamishi wa India kama ilivyoelezewa hapa chini. Tafadhali kumbuka kwamba Afisa wa Malalamishi anapaswa tu kufikiwa na watumiaji walio nchini India kulingana na Masharti ya Teknolojia ya Mawasliano (Miongozo ya Upatanishaji na Kanuni za Maadili ya Midia ya Kidijitali ya India, ya 2021. Uthibitisho wa ziada wa mtumiaji unaweza kuombwa.
Afisa wa Malalamishi: Jannick Preiwisch
Barua pepe: grievanceofficer@toolsforhumanity.com
TFHTOS20230718
Privacy Notice
Version 4.7
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Tools for Humanity Privacy Notice
Thank you for choosing to be part of the Worldcoin Community! Worldcoin is an open-source protocol, supported by a global community of developers, individuals, and other contributors.
This Privacy Notice covers the data you provide to us through your use of our websites, applications ("App"), and other services linked to this Privacy Notice (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and governed by the User Terms and Conditions ("User Terms"). Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH US"), along with its German subsidiary Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Germany"; together, "TFH" or "we," "us"), is contributing to the initial development and growth of the Worldcoin protocol ("Worldcoin"). 
The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, does not presently apply to us.
Controllers 
We are the data controller of all "App Data": Tools for Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. 
"App Data" means all personal data collected and processed through your use of the World App, as defined further in Section 5 below, except any personal data related to your use of the Worldcoin protocol or the Worldcoin tokens (such as your wallet address and the transactional data, which we do not collect). 
Updates to this Privacy Notice
We update this Privacy Notice sometimes. If we make major changes, such as how we use your personal information, then we'll let you know via an email or a message in your App.
What is in this Privacy Notice?
Our commitment to protecting your privacy and data
Information we collect and why 
How we use the data we collect 
Where we process your data 
When we share your data 
How your data is recorded on public blockchain
How we use cookies
How long we keep your data
How this Privacy Notice differs for children and teens
The statutory rights you have under GDPR
How to contact us about this Privacy Notice
Our Commitment to Protecting your Privacy and Data
We are deeply committed to protecting your privacy and securing your data. We recognize that we can only fulfill our mission of distributing our digital tokens fairly to as many people as possible if people trust us, and privacy and data security are central to earning your trust.
Privacy
We have designed our products and services with your privacy in mind. We collect data to improve our product and services. We will always tell you, here in this Privacy Notice or in data consent forms for specific products or services, what data we are collecting, why we are collecting that data, and what we do with it. 
Data Security
We have a dedicated team to look after your data and have implemented physical and electronic safeguards that protect your data both in transit and at rest. At the same time, no service can be completely secure. If you have any concerns about your account or your data, please contact us through our Request Portal or write to us at Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. 
Information We Collect and Why
Data You Provide To Us
As a user, you are not required to provide any data to access the App. However, you may need to provide us with certain data in order to use a feature within the Services. The legal grounds for processing in the cases below are the user's consent and the performance of a contract (our commitment to provide the Services). Below is a list of data that you may provide and what we may use the data for first and last name. You may choose to enter your name to associate it with your account. We and other users may see your name when they choose to interact with your account. We may require your name when you submit a data subject request. The legal basis for processing this data is performance of the Service under the User Terms.
As a user, you are not required to provide any data to access the App. However, you may need to provide us with certain data in order to use a feature within the Services. The legal grounds for processing in the cases below are the user's consent and the performance of a contract (our commitment to provide the Services). Below is a list of data that you may provide and what we may use the data for email address. You may choose to enter your email to associate it with your account. You may also provide your email to subscribe to our mailing list to stay up-to-date with the Worldcoin project. We may require your email when you submit a data subject request. The legal basis for processing this data is performance of the Service under the User Terms.
As a user, you are not required to provide any data to access the App. However, you may need to provide us with certain data in order to use a feature within the Services. The legal grounds for processing in the cases below are the user's consent and the performance of a contract (our commitment to provide the Services). Below is a list of data that you may provide and what we may use the data for phone number. You may choose to enter your phone number to associate it with your account. With your permission, other users may be able to find your account through your phone number. We may require a phone number when you submit a data subject request. The legal basis for processing this data is performance of the Service under the User Terms.
As a user, you are not required to provide any data to access the App. However, you may need to provide us with certain data in order to use a feature within the Services. The legal grounds for processing in the cases below are the user's consent and the performance of a contract (our commitment to provide the Services). Below is a list of data that you may provide and what we may use the data for feedback and correspondence from you. These include any emails, chat messages, or other communications that you send us via email or third-party social media websites. We may use a third-party service provider to facilitate surveys about your use of our Services. The legal basis for processing this data is performance of the Service under the User Terms.
As a user, you are not required to provide any data to access the App. However, you may need to provide us with certain data in order to use a feature within the Services. The legal grounds for processing in the cases below are the user's consent and the performance of a contract (our commitment to provide the Services). Below is a list of data that you may provide and what we may use the data for address book contacts. You may provide the App with access to your address book to enable the feature that makes it easy for you to find and interact with other users who may be in your address book. The address book information remains on your device. The legal basis for processing this data is the legitimate interest of the subject to be found within the App and the interest of the sharing user to find her contacts in the App.
Please note: You are responsible for ensuring that sharing your contacts' information complies
with applicable laws. This may require that you obtain your contacts' permission. You can change 
your mind and turn off our access to your contacts at any time in your device settings. If you elect to import your device's address book contacts to the App to find out which of your contacts uses our Services or invite them to join you in using our Services, we will periodically sync your contacts' phone numbers to those numbers and corresponding wallet addresses provided by other users on our servers.
Location information. You may decide to enable a location-based service (such as a feature allowing you to find an Orb Operator near you). We may collect information about your location through GPS, IP address, cell tower information, or Wi-Fi access point information. The type of location data collected depends on the service you are using, the device you're using (for example, Apple or Android), and your device's settings (whether permissions are enabled or disabled). You can change your permissions any time in your device's settings. The legal basis for processing this data is compliance with legal obligations.
Enterprise Data. If you have a business relationship with us (such as if you are an Orb Operator or a supplier), then we may require information such as names, mailing address, email, phone number, wallet address, and other documentation (such as your government ID) as part of furthering that business relationship and to satisfy our know-your-customers obligations. We may use third-party services, such as Onfido, to help us collect and review the information and documentation above to satisfy the know-your-customers obligations. The legal basis for processing this data are compliance with legal obligations, namely, know-your customer and know-your business obligations as required by law.
P2P Marketplace. If you use the P2P Marketplace Services (where available) that allow you to purchase digital tokens from other users, then we may collect additional information such as your wallet address, your contact information (i.e. your phone number), and your account number associated with the transaction (such as your M-PESA number). We log the transaction data as part of providing the P2P Marketplace Services. We may also collect additional information to comply with applicable KYC requirements. The legal basis for processing this data is performance of the Services under the User Terms and compliance with legal obligations.
Application data. If you want to work for us you have to send us your application that includes your cover letter and CV as well as the personal information you wish to disclose. The legal basis of processing are steps at the request of the data subjects prior to entering into a contract.
Data We Collect From Third-Party Sources
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from the following third-party sources: blockchain Data. We may analyze public blockchain data to ensure parties utilizing our Services are not engaged in illegal or prohibited activity under the User Terms, and to analyze transaction trends for research and development purposes. The legal basis for processing this data is compliance with legal obligations.
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from the following third-party sources: identity Verification Services. We may obtain information from third-party services using your data to verify your identity if required by law (such as applicable know-your-customer requirements). To clarify, we do not use your biometric data when we verify your identity as required by law. The legal basis for processing this data is compliance with legal obligations.
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from the following third-party sources: talent data bases. We may collect data from various sources to make job offers to talented individuals. The legal basis of processing those are legitimate interests. The legitimate interests pursued are our interest to recruit individuals and the individual's interest to receive job offers that entail an exciting mission and a high compensation.
Data We Collect Automatically
If permitted under applicable law, we may collect certain types of data automatically when you interact with our Services. This information helps us address customer support issues, improve the performance of the Services, provide you with a streamlined and personalized experience, and secure your Account credentials. Information collected automatically includes online Identifiers: Geo-location and tracking details (see above), computer or mobile phone operating system, web browser name and version, and IP addresses. The legal basis for processing this data are compliance with legal obligations (in very limited cases as these data are also fed into our fraud and illicit financial flow detection detection) and performance of contract as we wish to provide a stable and fraud-free experience of our software.
If permitted under applicable law, we may collect certain types of data automatically when you interact with our Services. This information helps us address customer support issues, improve the performance of the Services, provide you with a streamlined and personalized experience, and secure your Account credentials. Information collected automatically includes usage Data: Authentication data, security questions, and other data collected via cookies and similar technologies. The legal basis for processing this data is performance of our service under the User Terms.
If permitted under applicable law, we may collect certain types of data automatically when you interact with our Services. This information helps us address customer support issues, improve the performance of the Services, provide you with a streamlined and personalized experience, and secure your Account credentials. Information collected automatically includes cookies: small data files stored on your hard drive or in-device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. For the legal basis processing those data please refer to our Cookie Policy where we explain the different kinds of cookies we are using. 
Similarly, the App gathers information for troubleshooting and improvement. We use third-party services, such as Segment.io or PostHog, to view aggregated information about end user usage and interactions. Where possible, we take steps to minimize or mask the information sent to third parties (such as encoding the data). The legal basis for processing the above mentioned data is the legitimate interest of operating the App and the website.
Anonymized and Aggregated Data
Anonymization is a data processing technique that modifies personal data so that it cannot be associated with a specific individual. Examples of anonymized data include transaction data
Anonymization is a data processing technique that modifies personal data so that it cannot be associated with a specific individual. Examples of anonymized data include click-stream data
Anonymization is a data processing technique that modifies personal data so that it cannot be associated with a specific individual. Examples of anonymized data include performance metrics
Anonymization is a data processing technique that modifies personal data so that it cannot be associated with a specific individual. Examples of anonymized data include fraud indicators
We also aggregate data, combining large amounts of information together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual. We use anonymized or aggregate data for our business purposes, such as understanding user needs and behaviors, improving our Services, conducting business intelligence and marketing, detecting security threats, and training our algorithms. 
The legal basis for processing the above mentioned data is the legitimate interest of a functioning app or website, business insights and fraud prevention.
How We Use the Data We Collect
We must have a valid reason (or "lawful basis for processing") to use your personal information. In instances when you'd reasonably expect us to use your personal information and our use of that information complies with applicable laws, we don't ask for your express permission. We use your data for the following purposes: to provide and maintain our products and services under the User Terms. These services include: 
We must have a valid reason (or "lawful basis for processing") to use your personal information. In instances when you'd reasonably expect us to use your personal information and our use of that information complies with applicable laws, we don't ask for your express permission. We use your data for the following purposes: 
The App where users can manage their World ID and digital tokens as well as learn about cryptocurrency in general and the Worldcoin project in specific.
The Operator App where Orb Operators can manage and oversee their Orbs under management and their statistics.
The P2P Marketplace where we connect users with agents.
The legal basis for all these cases is performance of a contract, namely, the User Terms.
To improve and develop our products and services, including to debug and repair errors in our Services. The legal basis of this processing are legitimate interests. The interests pursued are providing a stable and safe experience of our software and hardware.
To conduct data science research. The legal basis of this processing are legitimate interests of providing a better user experience, greater support, and more useful features in the Services.
To analyze your use of our Services to provide better support. The legal basis of this processing are legitimate interests. The interests pursued are providing better experience of our soft- and hardware.
To enable you to publish information on a blockchain to prove your uniqueness. The legal basis of this processing is your explicit consent.
To use your wallet address to send you digital tokens we support. The legal basis of this processing is performance of a contract, namely, the User Terms..
To comply with applicable law such as anti-money-laundering law and sanctions. This entails:
Using your IP address to block individuals whose country does not allow them to access the Services.
To answer data subject requests under the applicable data protection laws like requests for access or deletion.
Monitor potentially illicit financial flows e.g. from blacklisted wallets; and 
The legal basis for this processing data is compliance with legal obligations.
To handle your customer service requests, complaints and inquiries. The legal basis for this processing is performance of a contract, namely, the User Terms. 
To resolve disputes, troubleshooting issues, and enforcing our agreements with you, including this Privacy Notice and the User Terms. The legal basis of this processing is performance of a contract, namely, the User Terms and legitimate interests where the interests pursued are the defense of legal claims; and
To contact you regarding updates to the Services. The legal basis of this processing is performance of a contract, namely, the User Terms.
Where We Process Your Data
Data Transfer.
When you provide us with your data, it may be transferred, stored, or processed in a location outside of where your data was originally collected. The country in which your data is transferred, stored, or processed may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the data.
We adhere to the principles stated in the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), even when not required. For example, when we work with data processors that operate outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we ensure that they are in compliance with GDPR. We only share data with data processors outside of the EEA if such a transfer is lawful and if we are confident that the data processor will protect your data as required under applicable laws and, further, in accordance with our standards. When transferring data to a country that does not have an adequacy decision, we utilize the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
Risks of Transfer
Below is a list of possible risks that may arise if we transfer your data to the United States, the European Union, or another country. Below we also summarize how we mitigate the respective risks. 
While we do what we can to ensure that our subcontractors are contractually obligated to adequately protect your data, these subcontractors may not be subject to the data privacy law of your country. If the subcontractors were to illegally process your data without authorization, then it may be difficult to assert your privacy rights against that subcontractor. We mitigate this risk as we close strict data processing agreements with our subcontractors that oblige them to protect the data at a GDPR level and fulfill subjects' requests.
It's possible that the data privacy law in your country is inconsistent with the data privacy laws in the U. S. or in the E. U. We always try to adhere to the highest standard of data protection we are subject to. So far, we found this to be GDPR and are treating all data as if it were governed by GDPR.
It may be possible that your data will be subject to governmental access of officials and authorities. In those cases we have committed ourselves to challenge any invalid, overbroad, or unlawful governmental request to access in court. We further use advanced encryption to hinder unauthorized access. 
Please note that this list contains examples, but may not include all possible risks to you.
NO FINDING OF ADEQUACY OF UNITED STATES PRIVACY LAWS 
The European Union Commission responsible for making determinations of the adequacy of the Privacy Laws of other jurisdictions in comparison to the GDPR has not yet positively established that the country-specific level of personal data protection in the United States, where part of your data is processed, provides the same level of protection as the Privacy Laws in the European Union. 
When We Share Your Data 
We will never sell your data. 
When we share your data outside of of our organization, we will always share it in a reasonably secure way.
When we share your data outside of of our organization, we will always take steps to ensure that it is handled in a manner that is consistent with our commitment to your privacy ; and
When we share your data outside of of our organization, we will always prohibit other companies from using it for their own purposes.
We do share your data in these limited ways with Worldcoin Foundation: Data, including your personal information, may be shared with Worldcoin Foundation or a subsequent organization responsible for promoting and furthering the mission of the Worldcoin project. 
We do share your data in these limited ways within our organization: We only disclose data to our team members who require access in order to perform their tasks and duties. We only disclose as much data as is needed to perform specific tasks and duties and have a system of strict access control.
We do share your data in these limited ways with vendors and service providers outside of our organization: We only disclose data to service providers whose services we rely on in order to process the data and provide our Services to you. We only disclose data with identity verification vendors if required by Law (i.e., know-your-customer requirements). 
We do share your data in these limited ways the categories of such service providers are:
We do share your data in these limited ways cloud service providers (all data types)
We do share your data in these limited ways saaS providers; we use SaaS products in the following categories:
We do share your data in these limited ways 
Database and infrastructure management 
Data security 
Recruiting
Communication
Surveys 
KYC/KYB i.e. checking official documents 
Data subject request management 
Technical support
User support 
External experts
Specialist software developers 
Legal specialists
Tax advisors 
Banks 
Labeling service providers (only under special safeguards)
Background check services for applicants and Orb Operators 
With law enforcement, officials, or other third parties: We may disclose your data in order to comply with applicable laws and respond to mandatory legal demands. We will carefully consider each request to determine whether the request complies with the law and, where appropriate, we may challenge invalid, overbroad, or unlawful requests. We may share personal data with police and other government authorities where we reasonably believe it to be necessary to comply with law, regulation or other legal process or obligation.
We may share your personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our User Terms, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect our rights, property, and safety, our users, the public, or others.
We may share your personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
We may share your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
Data, including your personal information, may be shared between and among our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
We may share your personal information with your consent or at your direction.
How Your Data is Recorded on Public Blockchain
Transaction information related to your use of our Services may be recorded on a public blockchain. 
Please note: Blockchains are public ledgers of transactions that are maintained on decentralized networks operated by third parties that are not controlled or operated by Worldcoin. Due to the public and immutable nature of blockchain ledgers, we cannot guarantee the ability to amend, erase, or control the disclosure of data that is uploaded and stored on a blockchain
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies to help our Services work better. In addition to cookies, we may use other similar technologies, like web beacons, to track users of our Services. Web beacons (also known as "clear gifs") are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. Our Cookie Policy, incorporated herein by reference. 
We also use Google Analytics. More information on how Google uses your data when you use its partners' websites and applications: website_url_lnk By using the Services, you consent to us storing and accessing cookies and other data on your computer or mobile device and the use of Google Analytics in connection with such activities. Please read the information at the link provided so you understand what you are consenting to.
How Long Do We Keep Your Data?
We retain your data for as long as is reasonably necessary to provide our Services to you, serve our legitimate business purposes, and comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. If you close your account with us, we will delete your account data within one month; otherwise we will delete your account data after 2 years of inactivity. If required by law, we will continue to retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, including fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention, as well as tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations. 
Please note: Blockchains are decentralized third-party networks that we do not control or operate. Due to the public and immutable nature of blockchain technology, we cannot amend, erase, or control the disclosure of data that is stored on blockchains.
How this Privacy Notice Differs for Children and Teens 
Individuals under the age of 18 are not allowed to use the Services, and we do not knowingly collect data from individuals under the age of 18. If you believe that your child under the age of 18 has gained access to the Services without your permission, please request the deletion of their data by contacting us through our Request Portal.
If we learn that we have collected data about a child under age 18, we will delete such data as quickly as possible. We have taken steps like implementing an automated age detection AI-model, instructions to operators and self-confirmations to restrict use of the Services to those who are at least 18 years old. We do not market products or services to children.
The statutory rights under GDPR
This section applies if the processing of your data falls under the GDPR's scope of application (e.g., if you are a resident of the European Economic Area). You may have additional rights under GDPR as listed below. To exercise your rights available under GDPR, please contact us at our Request Portal.
You have the right to obtain from us at any time upon request information about the personal data we process concerning you within the scope of Art. 15 GDPR.
You have the right to demand that we immediately correct the personal data concerning you if it is incorrect.
You have the right, under the conditions described in Art. 17 GDPR, to demand that we delete the personal data concerning you. These prerequisites provide in particular for a right to erasure if the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, as well as in cases of unlawful processing, the existence of an objection or the existence of an obligation to erase under Union law or the law of the Member State to which we are subject. 
You have the right to demand that we restrict processing in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR. 
You have the right to receive from us the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR.
You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is carried out, inter alia, on the basis of Article 6 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, in accordance with Article 21 GDPR. 
You have the right to contact the competent supervisory authority in the event of complaints about the data processing carried out by the controller. The responsible supervisory authority is: the Bavarian State Office for Data Protection Supervision (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you are entitled under Art. 7 GDPR to revoke your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with effect for the future, whereby the revocation is just as easy to declare as the consent itself. Please note that the revocation only takes effect for the future. Processing that took place before the revocation is not affected.
How to Contact us About this Privacy Notice
You may choose to delete your data from within the App under the Settings menu. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, wish to exercise your rights, or to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), please submit your request through our Request Portal or write to us at Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You can also delete your data from within the App.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not satisfactorily addressed, please contact the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. If you reside in the EU, then you can find your data protection regulator here.
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Datenschutzerklärung von Tools for Humanity
Vielen Dank, dass Sie sich entschieden haben, Teil der Worldcoin-Community zu sein! Worldcoin ist ein Open-Source-Protokoll, das von einer globalen Gemeinschaft von Entwicklern, Einzelpersonen und anderen Mitwirkenden unterstützt wird.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung bezieht sich auf die Daten, die Sie uns durch die Nutzung unserer Websites, Anwendungen ("App") und anderer mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung verknüpfter Dienste (zusammen die "Dienste") zur Verfügung stellen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird in die Nutzungsbedingungen ("Nutzungsbedingungen") einbezogen und unterliegt diesen. Die Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH US") trägt zusammen mit ihrer deutschen Tochtergesellschaft Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Germany"; zusammen "TFH" oder "wir", "uns") zur anfänglichen Entwicklung und zum Wachstum des Worldcoin-Protokolls ("Worldcoin") bei.
Der California Consumer Privacy Act (Datenschutzgesetz für Verbraucher des US-Bundesstaats Kalifornien) in der durch den California Privacy Rights Act (Gesetz des US-Bundesstaats Kalifornien zu Datenschutzrechten) geänderten Fassung ist derzeit nicht auf uns anwendbar.
Verantwortliche 
Wir fungieren als Verantwortlicher für alle "App-Daten": Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. 
"App-Daten" bezeichnet alle personenbezogenen Daten, die erhoben und verarbeitet werden, wenn Sie die World App nutzen, wie dies nachfolgend in Abschnitt 5 näher erläutert wird, mit Ausnahme von personenbezogenen Daten, die sich auf die Nutzung des Worldcoin-Protokolls oder der Worldcoin-Tokens beziehen (wie z. Ihre Wallet-Adresse und die Transaktionsdaten, die wir nicht erheben). 
Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir aktualisieren diese Datenschutzerklärung bisweilen. Wenn wir größere Änderungen vornehmen, wie z. dahingehend, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, werden wir Sie per E-Mail oder mittels einer Nachricht in Ihrer App darüber informieren.
Was ist in dieser Datenschutzerklärung enthalten?
Unser Engagement für den Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und Daten
Welche Informationen wir erheben und weshalb wir diese erheben 
Wie wir die erhobenen Daten verwenden 
Wo wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten 
Wann wir Ihre Daten weitergeben 
Wie Ihre Daten in der öffentlichen Blockchain aufgezeichnet werden
Wie wir Cookies verwenden
Wie lange wir Ihre Daten aufbewahren
Wie sich diese Datenschutzerklärung für Kinder und Jugendliche unterscheidet
Ihre gesetzlichen Rechte gemäß der DSGVO
Wie Sie uns bezüglich dieser Datenschutzerklärung kontaktieren können
Unser Engagement für den Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und Daten
Wir engagieren uns intensiv für den Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten. Wir sind uns bewusst, dass wir unsere Mission, unsere digitalen Tokens gerecht an so viele Menschen wie möglich zu verteilen, nur erfüllen können, wenn man uns vertraut, und Datenschutz und Datensicherheit sind für Ihr Vertrauen von zentraler Bedeutung.
Datenschutz
Wir haben unsere Produkte und Dienste unter Berücksichtigung Ihrer Privatsphäre entwickelt. Wir erheben Daten, um unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verbessern. Wir werden Ihnen hier in dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder in Dateneinwilligungserklärungen für bestimmte Produkte oder Dienste immer mitteilen, welche Daten wir erheben, warum wir diese Daten erheben und was wir mit diesen tun. 
Datensicherheit
Wir haben ein engagiertes Team, das sich um Ihre Daten kümmert, und wir verfügen über physische und elektronische Garantien, um Ihre Daten sowohl während der Übertragung als auch im Ruhezustand zu schützen. Gleichzeitig kann kein Dienst vollkommen sicher sein. Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich Ihres Kontos oder Ihrer Daten haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte über unser Anfrageportal oder schreiben Sie uns an Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. 
Welche Informationen wir erheben und weshalb wir diese erheben
Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen
Als Benutzer müssen Sie keine Daten angeben, um auf die App zuzugreifen. Sie müssen uns jedoch möglicherweise bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen, um eine Funktion innerhalb der Dienste nutzen zu können. Die Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung in den nachfolgenden Fällen sind die Einwilligung des Benutzers und die Erfüllung eines Vertrags (unsere Verpflichtung zur Bereitstellung der Dienste). Unten finden Sie eine Liste der Daten, die Sie uns möglicherweise zur Verfügung stellen, und wofür wir diese Daten verwenden können vor- und Nachname. Sie können Ihren Namen eingeben, um ihn mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen. Wir und andere Benutzer können Ihren Namen sehen, wenn sie sich entscheiden, mit Ihrem Konto zu interagieren. Wir können Ihren Namen verlangen, wenn Sie eine Anfrage als betroffene Person stellen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Bereitstellung des Dienstes gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen.
Als Benutzer müssen Sie keine Daten angeben, um auf die App zuzugreifen. Sie müssen uns jedoch möglicherweise bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen, um eine Funktion innerhalb der Dienste nutzen zu können. Die Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung in den nachfolgenden Fällen sind die Einwilligung des Benutzers und die Erfüllung eines Vertrags (unsere Verpflichtung zur Bereitstellung der Dienste). Unten finden Sie eine Liste der Daten, die Sie uns möglicherweise zur Verfügung stellen, und wofür wir diese Daten verwenden können e-Mail-Adresse. Sie können Ihren Namen eingeben, um diesen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen. Sie können Ihre E-Mail-Adresse auch angeben, um unsere Mailingliste zu abonnieren und über das Worldcoin-Projekt auf dem Laufenden zu bleiben. Wir können Ihre E-Mail verlangen, wenn Sie eine Anfrage als betroffene Person stellen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Bereitstellung des Dienstes gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen.
Als Benutzer müssen Sie keine Daten angeben, um auf die App zuzugreifen. Sie müssen uns jedoch möglicherweise bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen, um eine Funktion innerhalb der Dienste nutzen zu können. Die Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung in den nachfolgenden Fällen sind die Einwilligung des Benutzers und die Erfüllung eines Vertrags (unsere Verpflichtung zur Bereitstellung der Dienste). Unten finden Sie eine Liste der Daten, die Sie uns möglicherweise zur Verfügung stellen, und wofür wir diese Daten verwenden können telefonnummer. Sie können Ihre Telefonnummer eingeben, um sie mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen. Mit Ihrer Erlaubnis können andere Benutzer Ihr Konto über Ihre Telefonnummer finden. Wir benötigen möglicherweise eine Telefonnummer, wenn Sie eine Anfrage als betroffene Person stellen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Bereitstellung des Dienstes gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen.
Als Benutzer müssen Sie keine Daten angeben, um auf die App zuzugreifen. Sie müssen uns jedoch möglicherweise bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen, um eine Funktion innerhalb der Dienste nutzen zu können. Die Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung in den nachfolgenden Fällen sind die Einwilligung des Benutzers und die Erfüllung eines Vertrags (unsere Verpflichtung zur Bereitstellung der Dienste). Unten finden Sie eine Liste der Daten, die Sie uns möglicherweise zur Verfügung stellen, und wofür wir diese Daten verwenden können feedback und Korrespondenz von Ihnen. Dazu gehören alle E-Mails, Chat-Nachrichten oder andere Mitteilungen, die Sie uns per E-Mail oder über Social-Media-Websites von Drittanbietern senden. Wir können einen Drittanbieter einsetzen, um Umfragen über die Nutzung unserer Dienste durchzuführen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Bereitstellung des Dienstes gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen.
Als Benutzer müssen Sie keine Daten angeben, um auf die App zuzugreifen. Sie müssen uns jedoch möglicherweise bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen, um eine Funktion innerhalb der Dienste nutzen zu können. Die Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung in den nachfolgenden Fällen sind die Einwilligung des Benutzers und die Erfüllung eines Vertrags (unsere Verpflichtung zur Bereitstellung der Dienste). Unten finden Sie eine Liste der Daten, die Sie uns möglicherweise zur Verfügung stellen, und wofür wir diese Daten verwenden können adressbuch-Kontakte. Sie können der App Zugriff auf Ihr Adressbuch gewähren, um die Funktion zu aktivieren, die es Ihnen erleichtert, andere Benutzer, die sich möglicherweise in Ihrem Adressbuch befinden, zu finden und mit ihnen zu interagieren. Die Adressbuchinformationen bleiben auf Ihrem Gerät. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist das berechtigte Interesse der betroffenen Person, in der App gefunden zu werden, und das Interesse des teilenden Benutzers, seine Kontakte in der App zu finden.
Bitte beachten: Sie sind dafür verantwortlich, sicherzustellen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen Ihrer Kontakte
nach geltendem Recht gestattet ist. Dies kann erfordern, dass Sie die Erlaubnis Ihrer Kontakte einholen. Sie können 
Ihre Meinung jederzeit ändern und unseren Zugriff auf Ihre Kontakte jederzeit in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen deaktivieren. Wenn Sie die Adressbuchkontakte Ihres Geräts in die App importieren möchten, um herauszufinden, welche Ihrer Kontakte unsere Dienste nutzen, oder sie einladen möchten, sich Ihnen bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste anzuschließen, synchronisieren wir regelmäßig die Telefonnummern Ihrer Kontakte mit diesen Nummern und entsprechenden Wallet-Adressen, die von anderen Benutzern auf unseren Servern bereitgestellt werden.
Standortinformationen. Sie können sich entscheiden, einen standortbasierten Dienst zu aktivieren (z. eine Funktion, mit der Sie einen Orb Operator in Ihrer Nähe finden können). Wir können Informationen über Ihren Standort über GPS, eine IP-Adresse, Mobilfunkmastinformationen oder WLAN-Zugangspunktinformationen erheben. Die Art der erhobenen Standortdaten hängt von dem Dienst ab, den Sie verwenden, dem Gerät, das Sie verwenden (z. Apple oder Android) und den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts (unabhängig davon, ob Berechtigungen aktiviert oder deaktiviert sind). Sie können Ihre Berechtigungen jederzeit in den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts ändern. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen.
Unternehmensdaten. Wenn Sie eine Geschäftsbeziehung mit uns haben (z. wenn Sie ein Orb Operator oder Lieferant sind), benötigen wir möglicherweise Informationen wie Namen, Postanschrift, E-Mail-Adresse, Telefonnummer, Wallet-Adresse und andere Dokumente (z. Ihre behördliche Identifikationsnummer), um diese Geschäftsbeziehung zu fördern und unsere Verpflichtungen aufgrund von Kundenidentitätsanforderungen (Know Your Customer) zu erfüllen. Wir können Drittanbieterdienste wie Onfido nutzen, um die oben genannten Informationen und Dokumente zu erheben und zu überprüfen, damit wir die Kundenidentitätsanforderungen erfüllen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen, nämlich der gesetzlich vorgesehenen Verpflichtungen bezüglich der Kunden- und Unternehmensidentität Know-Your-Customer und Know-Your-Business (KYB).
P2P Marketplace. Wenn Sie die P2P Marketplace Services (sofern verfügbar) nutzen, die es Ihnen ermöglichen, digitale Tokens von anderen Benutzern zu kaufen, können wir zusätzliche Informationen wie Ihre Wallet-Adresse, Ihre Kontaktinformationen (d. Ihre Telefonnummer) und Ihre mit der Transaktion verbundene Kontonummer (wie Ihre M-PESA-Nummer) erheben. Wir protokollieren die Transaktionsdaten im Rahmen der Bereitstellung der P2P Marketplace Services. Wir können auch zusätzliche Informationen erheben, um die geltenden KYC-Anforderungen zu erfüllen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Bereitstellung der Dienste gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen und die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen.
Bewerbungsdaten. Wenn Sie für uns arbeiten möchten, müssen Sie uns Ihre Bewerbung mit Ihrem Anschreiben und Lebenslauf sowie die personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie offenlegen möchten, zusenden. Die Rechtsgrundlage der Verarbeitung sind Schritte auf Verlangen der betroffenen Personen vor Vertragsabschluss.
Daten, die wir aus Drittquellen erheben
Von Zeit zu Zeit können wir Informationen über Sie von den folgenden Drittquellen erhalten blockchain-Daten. Wir können öffentliche Blockchain-Daten analysieren, um sicherzustellen, dass Parteien, die unsere Dienste nutzen, keine illegalen oder verbotenen Handlungen im Sinne der Nutzungsbedingungen ausführen, und um Transaktionstrends für Forschungs- und Entwicklungszwecke zu analysieren. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen.
Von Zeit zu Zeit können wir Informationen über Sie von den folgenden Drittquellen erhalten identitätsüberprüfungsdienste. Wir können Informationen von Drittanbietern einholen, die Ihre Daten zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität verwenden, sofern dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist (wie im Fall von einschlägigen Kundenidentitätsanforderungen). Zur Klarstellung: Wir verwenden Ihre biometrischen Daten nicht, wenn wir wie gesetzlich vorgeschrieben Ihre Identität überprüfen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen.
Von Zeit zu Zeit können wir Informationen über Sie von den folgenden Drittquellen erhalten talent-Datenbanken. Wir können Daten aus verschiedenen Quellen erheben, um talentierten Personen Stellenangebote zu unterbreiten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten sind berechtigte Interessen. Die berechtigten Interessen, die verfolgt werden, sind unser Interesse daran, Einzelpersonen zu rekrutieren, und das Interesse der Einzelperson, Stellenangebote zu erhalten, die eine aufregende Aufgabe und eine hohe Vergütung beinhalten.
Daten, die wir automatisch erheben
Soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, können wir bestimmte Arten von Daten automatisch erheben, wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Informationen helfen uns, Probleme beim Kundensupport zu lösen, die Leistung der Dienste zu verbessern, Ihnen ein optimiertes und personalisiertes Erlebnis zu bieten und Ihre Kontozugangsdaten zu sichern. Zu den automatisch erfassten Informationen gehören online-Kennungen: Geostandort- und Tracking-Daten (siehe oben), Betriebssystem des Computers oder Mobiltelefons, Name und Version des Webbrowsers sowie IP-Adressen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen (in sehr begrenzten Fällen, da diese Daten auch in unsere Betrugs- und illegale Finanzflusserkennung eingespeist werden) und die Erfüllung eines Vertrags, da wir eine stabile und betrugsfreie Erfahrung mit unserer Software bieten möchten.
Soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, können wir bestimmte Arten von Daten automatisch erheben, wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Informationen helfen uns, Probleme beim Kundensupport zu lösen, die Leistung der Dienste zu verbessern, Ihnen ein optimiertes und personalisiertes Erlebnis zu bieten und Ihre Kontozugangsdaten zu sichern. Zu den automatisch erfassten Informationen gehören nutzungsdaten: Authentifizierungsdaten, Sicherheitsfragen und andere Daten, die über Cookies und ähnliche Technologien erhoben werden. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Bereitstellung des Dienstes gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen.
Soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, können wir bestimmte Arten von Daten automatisch erheben, wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Informationen helfen uns, Probleme beim Kundensupport zu lösen, die Leistung der Dienste zu verbessern, Ihnen ein optimiertes und personalisiertes Erlebnis zu bieten und Ihre Kontozugangsdaten zu sichern. Zu den automatisch erfassten Informationen gehören cookies: kleine Datendateien, die auf Ihrer Festplatte oder in Ihrem geräteinternen Speicher gespeichert sind und uns helfen, unsere Dienste und Ihre Erfahrung zu verbessern, zu sehen, welche Bereiche und Funktionen unserer Dienste beliebt sind, und Besuche zu zählen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten finden Sie in unserer Cookie-Richtlinie, in der wir die verschiedenen Arten von Cookies erklären, die wir verwenden. 
Ebenso erfasst die App Informationen zur Fehlerbehebung und Verbesserung. Wir nutzen Drittanbieterdienste wie Segment.io oder PostHog, um aggregierte Informationen über die Nutzung und Interaktionen von Endbenutzern anzuzeigen. Wenn möglich, ergreifen wir Maßnahmen, um die an Dritte gesendeten Informationen zu minimieren oder zu verbergen (wie z. durch Verschlüsselung der Daten). Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung der oben genannten Daten ist das berechtigte Interesse am Betrieb der App und der Website.
Anonymisierte und aggregierte Daten
Die Anonymisierung ist eine Datenverarbeitungstechnik, bei der personenbezogene Daten so verändert werden, dass diese nicht mit einer bestimmten Person in Verbindung gebracht werden können. Beispiele für anonymisierte Daten sind transaktionsdaten
Die Anonymisierung ist eine Datenverarbeitungstechnik, bei der personenbezogene Daten so verändert werden, dass diese nicht mit einer bestimmten Person in Verbindung gebracht werden können. Beispiele für anonymisierte Daten sind click-Stream-Daten
Die Anonymisierung ist eine Datenverarbeitungstechnik, bei der personenbezogene Daten so verändert werden, dass diese nicht mit einer bestimmten Person in Verbindung gebracht werden können. Beispiele für anonymisierte Daten sind leistungskennzahlen
Die Anonymisierung ist eine Datenverarbeitungstechnik, bei der personenbezogene Daten so verändert werden, dass diese nicht mit einer bestimmten Person in Verbindung gebracht werden können. Beispiele für anonymisierte Daten sind indikatoren für Betrug
Wir aggregieren auch Daten und kombinieren große Mengen an Informationen, sodass damit keine Person mehr identifiziert werden kann oder ein Bezug zu ihr hergestellt werden kann. Wir verwenden anonymisierte oder aggregierte Daten für unsere Geschäftszwecke, wie zum Beispiel, um Bedürfnisse und Verhaltensweisen der Benutzer zu verstehen, unsere Dienste zu verbessern, für Business Intelligence und Marketing, zur Erkennung von Sicherheitsbedrohungen und zur Verfeinerung unserer Algorithmen. 
Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung der oben genannten Daten ist das berechtigte Interesse an einer funktionierenden App oder Website, Geschäftserkenntnisse und Betrugsprävention.
Wie wir die erhobenen Daten verwenden
Wir müssen einen triftigen Grund (oder eine "rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung") haben, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden. In Fällen, in denen Sie vernünftigerweise erwarten können, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden und wir bei der Nutzung dieser Daten die geltenden Gesetze befolgen, bitten wir Sie nicht um Ihre ausdrückliche Erlaubnis. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten für die folgenden Zwecke zur Bereitstellung und Wartung unserer Produkte und Dienste gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen. Zu diesen Diensten gehören die App, in der Benutzer ihre World ID und digitale Token verwalten und mehr über Kryptowährung im Allgemeinen und das Worldcoin-Projekt im Besonderen erfahren können.
Wir müssen einen triftigen Grund (oder eine "rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung") haben, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden. In Fällen, in denen Sie vernünftigerweise erwarten können, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden und wir bei der Nutzung dieser Daten die geltenden Gesetze befolgen, bitten wir Sie nicht um Ihre ausdrückliche Erlaubnis. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten für die folgenden Zwecke zur Bereitstellung und Wartung unserer Produkte und Dienste gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen. Zu diesen Diensten gehören die Betreiber-App, in der Orb Operators ihre verwalteten Orbs und ihre Statistiken verwalten und beobachten können.
Wir müssen einen triftigen Grund (oder eine "rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung") haben, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden. In Fällen, in denen Sie vernünftigerweise erwarten können, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden und wir bei der Nutzung dieser Daten die geltenden Gesetze befolgen, bitten wir Sie nicht um Ihre ausdrückliche Erlaubnis. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten für die folgenden Zwecke zur Bereitstellung und Wartung unserer Produkte und Dienste gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen. Zu diesen Diensten gehören der P2P Marketplace, mit dem wir Benutzer mit Vertretern verbinden.
Wir müssen einen triftigen Grund (oder eine "rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung") haben, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden. In Fällen, in denen Sie vernünftigerweise erwarten können, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden und wir bei der Nutzung dieser Daten die geltenden Gesetze befolgen, bitten wir Sie nicht um Ihre ausdrückliche Erlaubnis. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten für die folgenden Zwecke zur Bereitstellung und Wartung unserer Produkte und Dienste gemäß den Nutzungsbedingungen. Zu diesen Diensten gehören die Rechtsgrundlage in allen diesen Fällen ist die Erfüllung eines Vertrags, nämlich der Nutzungsbedingungen.
Die Rechtsgrundlage in allen diesen Fällen ist die Erfüllung eines Vertrags, nämlich der Nutzungsbedingungen.
zur Verbesserung und Entwicklung unserer Produkte und Dienste, einschließlich der Fehlerbehebung und Reparatur von Fehlern in unseren Diensten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung sind berechtigte Interessen. Die verfolgten Interessen sind die Bereitstellung einer stabilen und sicheren Erfahrung mit unserer Software und Hardware.
zur Durchführung von datenwissenschaftlichen Forschungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung sind berechtigte Interessen an der Bereitstellung einer besseren Benutzererfahrung, mehr Support und nützlicheren Funktionen in den Diensten.
um zu analysieren, wie Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, damit wir einen besseren Support bieten können. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung sind berechtigte Interessen. Die verfolgten Interessen sind die Bereitstellung einer besseren Erfahrung mit unserer Software und Hardware.
damit Sie Informationen in einer Blockchain veröffentlichen können, um Ihre Einzigartigkeit zu beweisen. Die Rechtsgrundlage dieser Verarbeitung ist Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung.
um Ihre Wallet-Adresse zu verwenden, um Ihnen digitale Token zu senden. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung eines Vertrags, nämlich der Nutzungsbedingungen.
zur Einhaltung geltender Gesetze, wie z. Gesetze zur Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und zugehörigen Sanktionen. Dies beinhaltet:
die Verwendung Ihrer IP-Adresse, um Personen zu sperren, deren Land ihnen den Zugriff auf die Dienste nicht gestattet.
die Beantwortung von Anfragen betroffener Personen nach den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen, wie z. Anfragen wegen Auskunft oder Löschung.
die Überwachung potenziell illegaler Finanzströme, z. aus Wallets aus der schwarzen Liste; und 
Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung dieser Daten ist die Erfüllung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen.
zur Bearbeitung Ihrer Kundendienstanfragen, Beschwerden und Anfragen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung eines Vertrags, nämlich der Nutzungsbedingungen; 
zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten, Behebung von Problemen und Durchsetzung unserer Vereinbarungen mit Ihnen, einschließlich dieser Datenschutzerklärung und der Nutzungsbedingungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung sind die Erfüllung eines Vertrags, nämlich der Nutzungsbedingungen, und berechtigte Interessen, wenn es sich bei den verfolgten Interessen um die Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen handelt; und
um Sie wegen Aktualisierungen der Dienste zu kontaktieren. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung eines Vertrags, nämlich der Nutzungsbedingungen.
Wo wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten
Datenübermittlung.
Wenn Sie uns Ihre Daten zur Verfügung stellen, können diese an einen anderen Ort als demjenigen, an dem Ihre Daten ursprünglich erhoben wurden, übermittelt werden oder dort gespeichert oder verarbeitet werden. In dem Land, in das Ihre Daten übermittelt werden oder in dem diese gespeichert oder verarbeitet werden, gibt es möglicherweise nicht die gleichen Datenschutzgesetze wie in dem Land, in dem Sie die Daten ursprünglich bereitgestellt haben.
Wir halten uns an die Grundsätze der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung der Europäischen Union, auch wenn dies nicht erforderlich sind. Wenn wir beispielsweise mit Auftragsverarbeitern zusammenarbeiten, die außerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums tätig sind, stellen wir sicher, dass sie die DSGVO einhalten. Wir geben Daten an Auftragsverarbeiter außerhalb des EWR nur weiter, wenn eine solche Übermittlung rechtmäßig ist und wir überzeugt sind, dass der Auftragsverarbeiter Ihre Daten gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen und ferner gemäß unseren Standards schützen wird. Bei der Übermittlung von Daten in ein Land, für das es keinen Angemessenheitsbeschluss gibt, verwenden wir die EU-Standardvertragsklauseln.
Übermittlungsrisiken
Nachstehend finden Sie eine Liste möglicher Risiken, die entstehen können, wenn wir Ihre Daten in die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika, die Europäische Union oder ein anderes Land übermitteln. Im Folgenden fassen wir auch zusammen, wie wir die jeweiligen Risiken abmildern. 
Obwohl wir alles in unserer Macht Stehende tun, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Unterauftragnehmer vertraglich verpflichtet sind, Ihre Daten angemessen zu schützen, unterliegen diese Unterauftragnehmer möglicherweise nicht dem datenschutzrechtlichen Niveau Ihres Landes. Wenn die Unterauftragnehmer Ihre Daten unrechtmäßig und ohne Genehmigung verarbeiten, kann es schwierig sein, Ihre Datenschutzrechte gegenüber diesem Unterauftragnehmer geltend zu machen. Wir verringern dieses Risiko, indem wir strenge Datenverarbeitungsverträge mit unseren Unterauftragnehmern abschließen, die sie dazu verpflichten, die Daten auf DSGVO-Niveau zu schützen und Anfragen betroffener Personen zu beantworten.
Es ist möglich, dass die Datenschutzgesetze in Ihrem Land nicht mit den Datenschutzgesetzen in den USA oder in der EU im Einklang stehen. Wir sind stets bemüht, den höchsten Datenschutzstandard einzuhalten, dem wir unterliegen.' Wir haben festgestellt, dass es sich dabei um die DSGVO handelt und behandeln alle Daten so, als ob sie der DSGVO unterlägen.
Es ist möglich, dass Ihre Daten dem staatlichen Zugriff von Beamten und Behörden unterliegen. In diesen Fällen haben wir uns verpflichtet, jede ungültige, übermäßig ausgedehnte oder rechtswidrige behördliche Aufforderung zum Datenzugriff vor Gericht anzufechten. Außerdem verwenden wir eine fortschrittliche Verschlüsselung, um einen unbefugten Zugriff zu verhindern. 
Bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Liste zwar Beispiele enthält, aber nicht alle möglichen Risiken für Sie umfasst.
KEINE FESTSTELLUNG DER ANGEMESSENHEIT DER DATENSCHUTZGESETZE DER VEREINIGTEN STAATEN 
Die Kommission der Europäischen Union, die für die Feststellung der Angemessenheit der Datenschutzgesetze anderer Länder im Vergleich zur DSGVO zuständig ist, hat noch nicht positiv festgestellt, dass das länderspezifische Niveau des Schutzes personenbezogener Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten, in denen ein Teil Ihrer Daten verarbeitet wird, das gleiche Schutzniveau bietet wie die Datenschutzgesetze in der Europäischen Union. 
Wann wir Ihre Daten weitergeben 
Wir werden Ihre Daten niemals verkaufen. 
Wenn wir Ihre Daten außerhalb unserer Organisation weitergeben, werden wir stets Folgendes tun die Daten auf angemessen sichere Art weitergeben.
Wenn wir Ihre Daten außerhalb unserer Organisation weitergeben, werden wir stets Folgendes tun maßnahmen ergreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass der Umgang mit den Daten entsprechend unserer Verpflichtung zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre erfolgt; und
Wenn wir Ihre Daten außerhalb unserer Organisation weitergeben, werden wir stets Folgendes tun anderen Unternehmen die Verwendung für ihre eigenen Zwecke untersagen.
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter an die Worldcoin Foundation: Daten, einschließlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, können an die Worldcoin Foundation oder eine Nachfolgerorganisation, die für die Förderung und Unterstützung der Mission des Worldcoin-Projekts verantwortlich ist, weitergegeben werden. 
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter innerhalb unserer Organisation: Wir geben Daten nur an unsere Teammitglieder weiter, die den Zugriff zur Erfüllung ihrer Aufgaben und Pflichten benötigen. Wir geben nur so viele Daten weiter, wie zur Erfüllung bestimmter Aufgaben und Pflichten erforderlich sind, und verfügen über ein System der strengen Zugangskontrolle.
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter an Anbieter und Dienstleister außerhalb unserer Organisation: Wir geben Daten nur an Dienstleister weiter, auf deren Dienste wir uns verlassen, um die Daten zu verarbeiten und Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitzustellen. Wir geben Daten nur an Identitätsverifizierungsanbieter weiter, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist (d. Kundenidentitätsanforderungen (KYC)). 
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter die Kategorien solcher Dienstleister sind:
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter anbieter von Cloud-Diensten (alle Datentypen)
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien verwaltung von Datenbanken und Infrastrukturen 
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien datensicherheit 
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien personalbeschaffung
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien kommunikation
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien umfragen 
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien kYC/KYB, d. Überprüfung offizieller Dokumente 
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien verwaltung von Anfragen betroffener Personen 
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien technischer Support
Wir geben Ihre Daten nur wie folgt weiter saaS-Anbieter; wir verwenden SaaS-Produkte in den folgenden Kategorien benutzer-Support 
Benutzer-Support 
Externe Experten
Spezialisierte Softwareentwickler 
Juristen
Steuerberater 
Banken 
Kennzeichnungsanbieter (nur mit besonderen Garantien)
Hintergrundüberprüfungsdienste für Bewerber und Orb Operators 
An Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Beamte oder andere Dritte: Wir können Ihre Daten offenlegen, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten und auf zwingende gesetzliche Anforderungen zu reagieren. Wir werden jede Anfrage sorgfältig prüfen, um festzustellen, ob die Anfrage dem Gesetz entspricht, und wir können gegebenenfalls ungültige, zu weit gefasste oder unrechtmäßige Anfragen infrage stellen. Wir können personenbezogene Daten an die Polizei und andere Behörden weitergeben, wenn wir vernünftigerweise der Ansicht sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um Gesetze, Vorschriften oder andere rechtliche Verfahren oder Verpflichtungen zu befolgen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben, wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass Ihre Handlungen nicht mit unseren Nutzungsbedingungen übereinstimmen, wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass Sie gegen das Gesetz verstoßen haben, oder wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass es notwendig ist, um unsere Rechte, unser Eigentum und unsere Sicherheit, unsere Benutzer, die Öffentlichkeit oder andere zu schützen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an unsere Anwälte und andere Fachberater weitergeben, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um Rat einzuholen oder unsere Geschäftsinteressen anderweitig zu schützen und zu verwalten.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in Verbindung mit oder während Verhandlungen über Fusionen, Verkäufe von Unternehmensvermögen, Finanzierungen oder Übernahmen unseres gesamten oder eines Teils unseres Unternehmens durch ein anderes Unternehmen weitergeben.
Daten, einschließlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, können zwischen und unter unseren derzeitigen und zukünftigen Muttergesellschaften, verbundenen Unternehmen und Tochtergesellschaften sowie anderen Unternehmen, die sich unter gemeinsamer Kontrolle und in gemeinsamem Eigentum befinden, weitergegeben werden.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weitergeben.
Wie Ihre Daten in der öffentlichen Blockchain aufgezeichnet werden
Transaktionsinformationen im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung unserer Dienste können in einer öffentlichen Blockchain aufgezeichnet werden.
Bitte beachten: Blockchains sind öffentliche Bücher über Transaktionen, die in dezentralen Netzwerken geführt werden, die von Dritten betrieben werden, die von Worldcoin nicht kontrolliert oder betrieben werden. Aufgrund der öffentlichen und unveränderlichen Natur von Blockchain-Büchern können wir nicht garantieren, dass die Daten, die auf eine Blockchain hochgeladen und dort gespeichert werden, geändert, gelöscht oder kontrolliert werden können.
Wie wir Cookies verwenden
Wir verwenden Cookies, damit unsere Dienste besser funktionieren. Neben Cookies können wir auch andere ähnliche Technologien wie Web-Beacons verwenden, um die Benutzer unserer Dienste zu verfolgen. Web-Beacons (auch "Clear Gifs" genannt) sind winzige Grafiken mit einer eindeutigen Kennung, die in ihrer Funktion Cookies ähneln. Unsere Cookie-Richtlinie, die durch Bezugnahme hierin aufgenommen wird. 
Wir verwenden auch Google Analytics. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Google Ihre Daten verwendet, wenn Sie die Websites und Anwendungen von Google-Partnern nutzen: website_url_lnk Mit der Nutzung der Dienste erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass wir Cookies und andere Daten auf Ihrem Computer oder Mobilgerät speichern und darauf zugreifen, und wir in Zusammenhang mit diesen Tätigkeiten Google Analytics nutzen. Bitte lesen Sie die Informationen unter dem angegebenen Link, damit Sie verstehen, womit Sie sich einverstanden erklären.
Wie lange wir Ihre Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren Ihre Daten so lange auf, wie dies vernünftigerweise erforderlich ist, um Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, unseren legitimen Geschäftszwecken zu dienen und unseren rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto bei uns schließen, löschen wir Ihre Kontodaten innerhalb eines Monats; andernfalls löschen wir Ihre Kontodaten nach 2 Jahren Inaktivität. Falls gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, werden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin aufbewahren, soweit dies zur Erfüllung unserer rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen erforderlich ist, einschließlich zur Betrugsüberwachung, -erkennung und -prävention sowie für Steuer-, Buchhaltungs- und Finanzberichterstattungspflichten. 
Bitte beachten: Blockchains sind dezentralisierte Netzwerke Dritter, die wir nicht kontrollieren oder betreiben. Aufgrund der öffentlichen und unveränderlichen Natur der Blockchain-Technologie können wir Daten, die in Blockchains gespeichert sind, nicht ändern oder löschen oder ihre Offenlegung kontrollieren.
Wie sich diese Datenschutzerklärung für Kinder und Jugendliche unterscheidet 
Personen unter 18 Jahren dürfen die Dienste nicht nutzen und wir erheben wissentlich keine Daten von Personen unter 18 Jahren. Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihr Kind, das unter 18 Jahr alt ist, ohne Ihre Erlaubnis Zugang zu den Diensten erhalten hat, fordern Sie bitte die Löschung seiner Daten an, indem Sie uns über unser Anfrageportal kontaktieren.
Wenn wir erfahren, dass wir Daten über ein Kind unter 18 Jahren erhoben haben, werden wir diese Daten so schnell wie möglich löschen. Wir haben Maßnahmen ergriffen, wie die Implementierung eines KI-Modells zur automatisierten Alterserkennung, Anweisungen für Betreiber und Selbstbestätigungen, um die Nutzung der Dienste auf Personen zu beschränken, die mindestens 18 Jahre alt sind. Wir vermarkten keine Produkte oder Dienste für Kinder.
Die gesetzlichen Rechte gemäß der DSGVO
Dieser Abschnitt gilt, wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten in den Anwendungsbereich der DSGVO fällt (z. B., wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ansässig sind).' Gemäß der DSGVO haben Sie unter Umständen zusätzliche Rechte, die im Folgenden aufgeführt sind. Um Ihre Rechte gemäß der DSGVO auszuüben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte über das Anfrageportal.
Sie haben das Recht, von uns jederzeit auf Anfrage Auskunft über die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten, die wir im Rahmen von Art. 15 der DSGVO verarbeiten.
Sie haben das Recht, von uns die unverzügliche Berichtigung der Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen, wenn diese unrichtig sind.
Sie haben das Recht, unter den in Art. 17 der DSGVO beschriebenen Bedingungen zu verlangen, dass wir die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten löschen. Diese Voraussetzungen sehen insbesondere ein Recht auf Löschung vor, wenn die personenbezogenen Daten für die Zwecke, für die sie erfasst oder anderweitig verarbeitet wurden, nicht mehr erforderlich sind, sowie im Falle einer unrechtmäßigen Verarbeitung, des Vorliegens eines Widerspruchs oder des Bestehens einer Löschungspflicht nach dem Unionsrecht oder dem Recht des Mitgliedstaats, dem wir unterliegen. 
Sie haben das Recht zu verlangen, dass wir die Verarbeitung gemäß Art. 18 der DSGVO einschränken. 
Sie haben das Recht, von uns die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format gemäß Art. 20 der DSGVO zu erhalten.
Sie haben das Recht, aus Gründen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, jederzeit gegen die Verarbeitung Sie betreffender personenbezogener Daten, die unter anderem auf der Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Buchstabe f der DSGVO erfolgt, gemäß Art. 21 der DSGVO Widerspruch einzulegen. 
Sie haben das Recht, sich im Falle von Beschwerden über die Datenverarbeitung durch den für die Verarbeitung Verantwortlichen an die zuständige Datenschutzbehörde zu wenden. Die zuständige Datenschutzbehörde ist: das Bayerische Landesamt für Datenschutz.
Beruht die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten auf Ihrer Einwilligung, haben Sie nach Art. 7 der DSGVO das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung in die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft zu widerrufen, wobei der Widerruf ebenso einfach zu erklären ist wie die Einwilligung selbst. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf nur für die Zukunft wirksam ist. Die Verarbeitung, die vor dem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, ist davon nicht betroffen.
Wie Sie uns bezüglich dieser Datenschutzerklärung kontaktieren können
Sie können Ihre Daten auch innerhalb der App unter dem Menüpunkt "Einstellungen" löschen. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Bedenken zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, Ihre Rechte ausüben möchten oder unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten kontaktieren möchten, senden Sie Ihre Anfrage bitte über unser Anfrageportal oder schreiben Sie uns an Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. Wir reagieren auf alle Anfragen, die wir von Personen erhalten, die ihre Datenschutzrechte in Übereinstimmung mit den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen ausüben möchten. Sie können Ihre Daten auch innerhalb der App löschen.
Wenn Sie ein ungelöstes Problem mit dem Datenschutz oder der Datennutzung haben, das wir nicht zufriedenstellend gelöst haben, wenden Sie sich bitte an die Datenschutzbehörde in Ihrem Land. Wenn Sie in der EU wohnen, finden Sie Ihre Datenschutzbehörde hier.
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Declaración de privacidad de Tools for Humanity
¡Gracias por elegir formar parte de la Comunidad Worldcoin! Worldcoin es un protocolo de código abierto, respaldado por una comunidad global de desarrolladores, individuos y otros colaboradores.
Esta Declaración de privacidad cubre los datos que nos proporciona al usar los sitios web, aplicaciones ("App") y otros servicios vinculados a esta Declaración de privacidad (colectivamente, los "Servicios"). Esta Declaración de privacidad se incorpora a los Términos y condiciones del usuario ("Condiciones del usuario"). Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH EE. UU."), junto con su filial alemana Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Alemania"; conjuntamente, "TFH" o "nosotros"," nos"), contribuye al desarrollo inicial y crecimiento del protocolo de Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
La Ley de privacidad del consumidor de California, modificada por la Ley de derechos de privacidad de California, no se nos aplica actualmente.
Responsables del tratamiento 
Somos el responsable del tratamiento de todos los "Datos de la aplicación de Worldcoin": Tools for Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49.951, San Francisco, CA 94.104 EE. UU. 
"Datos de la aplicación de Worldcoin" se refiere a todos los datos personales recopilados y tratados a través de su uso de la Aplicación World, según se define más adelante en la Sección 5 a continuación, excepto cualquier dato personal relacionado con su uso del protocolo Worldcoin o los tokens Worldcoin (como su dirección de cartera y los datos transaccionales, que no recopilamos). 
Actualizaciones a esta Declaración de privacidad
A veces actualizamos esta Declaración de privacidad. Si realizamos cambios sustanciales, como por ejemplo el uso de su información personal, se lo haremos saber a través de un correo electrónico o un mensaje en su Aplicación.
¿Qué contiene esta Declaración de privacidad?
Nuestro compromiso de proteger su privacidad y sus datos
Información que recopilamos y porqué 
Cómo utilizamos los datos personales que recopilamos 
Dónde tratamos sus datos 
Cuándo compartimos sus datos 
Cómo se registran sus datos en la cadena de bloques pública
Cómo utilizamos las cookies
Cuánto tiempo conservamos sus datos
En qué se diferencia esta Declaración de privacidad para niños y adolescentes
Los derechos que le concede la legislación en virtud del RGPD
Cómo ponerse en contacto con nosotros en relación con esta Declaración de privacidad
Nuestro compromiso de proteger su privacidad y sus datos
Estamos profundamente comprometidos con la protección de su privacidad y la seguridad de sus datos. Reconocemos que solo podemos cumplir nuestra misión de distribuir nuestros tokens digitales de forma justa al mayor número de personas posible si la gente confía en nosotros, y la privacidad y la seguridad de los datos son fundamentales para ganarnos su confianza.
Privacidad
Hemos diseñado nuestros productos y servicios teniendo en cuenta su privacidad. Recopilamos datos para mejorar nuestros productos y servicios. Siempre le diremos, aquí en esta Declaración de Privacidad o en los formularios de consentimiento de datos para productos o servicios específicos, qué datos estamos recogiendo, por qué los recogemos y qué hacemos con ellos. 
Seguridad de los datos
Contamos con un equipo dedicado a cuidar sus datos y hemos implementado garantías físicas y electrónicas que protegen sus datos tanto en tránsito como en reposo. Al mismo tiempo, ningún servicio puede ser completamente seguro. Si tiene alguna duda sobre su cuenta o sus datos, póngase en contacto con nosotros a través de nuestro Portal de solicitudes o escríbanos a Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 EE. UU. 
Información que recopilamos y porqué
Datos que usted nos facilita
Como usuario, no tiene la obligación de facilitar ningún dato para acceder a la Aplicación. Sin embargo, es posible que tenga que facilitarnos ciertos datos para poder utilizar una función dentro de los Servicios. Las bases jurídicas para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento de los usuarios y la ejecución de un contrato (nuestro compromiso a prestar los Servicios). A continuación encontrará una lista de los datos que puede facilitar y para qué podemos utilizarlos nombre y apellidos. Puede decidir introducir su nombre para asociarlo con su cuenta. Tanto nosotros como otros usuarios podemos visualizar su nombre cuando decidan interactuar con su cuenta. Es posible que necesitemos su nombre cuando envíe una solicitud de interesado. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario.
Como usuario, no tiene la obligación de facilitar ningún dato para acceder a la Aplicación. Sin embargo, es posible que tenga que facilitarnos ciertos datos para poder utilizar una función dentro de los Servicios. Las bases jurídicas para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento de los usuarios y la ejecución de un contrato (nuestro compromiso a prestar los Servicios). A continuación encontrará una lista de los datos que puede facilitar y para qué podemos utilizarlos dirección de correo electrónico. Puede decidir introducir su dirección de correo electrónico para asociarla con su cuenta. También puede facilitar su correo electrónico para suscribirse a nuestra lista de correo para mantenerse al día con el proyecto Worldcoin. Es posible que necesitemos su dirección de correo electrónico cuando envíe una solicitud de interesado. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario.
Como usuario, no tiene la obligación de facilitar ningún dato para acceder a la Aplicación. Sin embargo, es posible que tenga que facilitarnos ciertos datos para poder utilizar una función dentro de los Servicios. Las bases jurídicas para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento de los usuarios y la ejecución de un contrato (nuestro compromiso a prestar los Servicios). A continuación encontrará una lista de los datos que puede facilitar y para qué podemos utilizarlos número de teléfono. Puede decidir introducir su número de teléfono para asociarlo con su cuenta. Con su permiso, otros usuarios pueden encontrar su cuenta a través de su número de teléfono. Es posible que necesitemos un número de teléfono cuando envíe una solicitud del interesado. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario.
Como usuario, no tiene la obligación de facilitar ningún dato para acceder a la Aplicación. Sin embargo, es posible que tenga que facilitarnos ciertos datos para poder utilizar una función dentro de los Servicios. Las bases jurídicas para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento de los usuarios y la ejecución de un contrato (nuestro compromiso a prestar los Servicios). A continuación encontrará una lista de los datos que puede facilitar y para qué podemos utilizarlos comentarios y correspondencia de su parte. Estos incluyen cualquier correo electrónico, mensajes de chat u otras comunicaciones que nos envíe por correo electrónico o sitios web de redes sociales de terceros. Podemos utilizar un proveedor de servicios externo para facilitar encuestas sobre su uso de nuestros Servicios. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario.
Como usuario, no tiene la obligación de facilitar ningún dato para acceder a la Aplicación. Sin embargo, es posible que tenga que facilitarnos ciertos datos para poder utilizar una función dentro de los Servicios. Las bases jurídicas para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento de los usuarios y la ejecución de un contrato (nuestro compromiso a prestar los Servicios). A continuación encontrará una lista de los datos que puede facilitar y para qué podemos utilizarlos contactos de la libreta de direcciones. Puede otorgar acceso a la Aplicación a su libreta de direcciones para habilitar la función que facilita la búsqueda e interacción con otros usuarios que puedan estar en su libreta de direcciones. La información de la libreta de direcciones permanece en su dispositivo. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es el interés legítimo del sujeto que se encuentra en la Aplicación y el interés del usuario que comparte por encontrar a sus contactos en la Aplicación.
Tenga en cuenta lo siguiente: Usted es responsable de asegurarse que compartir la información de sus contactos no incumple
las leyes aplicables. Esto puede requerir que obtenga el permiso de sus contactos. Puede cambiar 
de opinión y desactivar nuestro acceso a sus contactos en cualquier momento desde la configuración de su dispositivo. Si decide importar los contactos de la libreta de direcciones de su dispositivo a la Aplicación para averiguar cuáles de sus contactos utilizan nuestros Servicios o invitarlos a unirse a usted en el uso de nuestros Servicios, sincronizaremos periódicamente los números de teléfono de sus contactos con esos números y direcciones de billetera correspondientes proporcionados por otros usuarios en nuestros servidores.
Información de ubicación. Puede decidir activar un servicio basado en la ubicación (como una función que le permita encontrar un operador de Orb cerca de usted). Podemos recopilar información sobre su ubicación a través del GPS, dirección IP, información de la torre celular o la información del punto de acceso Wi-Fi. El tipo de datos de localización recopilados depende del servicio que utilice, del dispositivo que utilice (por ejemplo, Apple o Android) y de la configuración de su dispositivo (si los permisos están activados o desactivados). Puede cambiar sus permisos en cualquier momento en la configuración de su dispositivo. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Datos corporativos. Si tiene una relación comercial con nosotros (como si es un Operador de Orb o un proveedor), podemos requerir información como nombres, dirección postal, correo electrónico, número de teléfono, dirección de billetera y otra documentación (como su identificación gubernamental) como parte de la promoción de esa relación comercial y para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones de conocer a nuestros clientes. Podemos utilizar servicios de terceros, como Onfido, para que nos ayuden a recopilar y revisar la información y la documentación anterior para cumplir con la obligación de conocer a nuestros clientes. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales, a saber, las obligaciones de conocer a tu cliente (Know-your-customer, KYC) y conocer tu negocio (Know-your-business, KYB), según lo exija la ley.
Mercado P2P. Si utiliza los Servicios de Marketplace P2P (cuando estén disponibles) que le permiten comprar tokens digitales de otros usuarios, podemos recopilar información adicional como su dirección de billetera, su información de contacto (es decir, su número de teléfono) y su número de cuenta asociado con la transacción (como su número M-PESA). Registramos los datos de la transacción como parte de la prestación de los Servicios de Mercado P2P. También podemos recopilar información adicional para cumplir con los requisitos de KYC aplicables. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación de los Servicios en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario y el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Datos de la aplicación. Si desea trabajar para nosotros, debe enviarnos su solicitud que incluya su carta de presentación y su CV, así como la información personal que desea divulgar. La base jurídica del tratamiento son los pasos a realizar a petición de los interesados antes de celebrar un contrato.
Datos que recopilamos de fuentes de terceros
De vez en cuando, podemos obtener información sobre usted de las siguientes fuentes de terceros datos de la cadena de bloques. Podemos analizar los datos públicos de la cadena de bloques para garantizar que las partes que utilizan nuestros Servicios no participan en actividades ilegales o prohibidas en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario, y para analizar las tendencias de las transacciones con fines de investigación y desarrollo. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
De vez en cuando, podemos obtener información sobre usted de las siguientes fuentes de terceros servicios de verificación de identidad. Podemos obtener información de servicios de terceros utilizando sus datos para verificar su identidad si así lo exige la ley (como los requisitos de conocer a tu cliente). Para aclarar, no utilizamos sus datos biométricos cuando verificamos su identidad como exige la ley. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
De vez en cuando, podemos obtener información sobre usted de las siguientes fuentes de terceros bases de datos de talento. Podemos recopilar datos de diversas fuentes para hacer ofertas de trabajo a personas con talento. La base jurídica de su tratamiento son intereses legítimos. Los intereses legítimos perseguidos son nuestro interés en reclutar personas y el interés de la persona en recibir ofertas de trabajo que impliquen una misión emocionante y una alta remuneración.'
Datos que recopilamos de forma automática
Si lo permite la legislación aplicable, podemos recopilar ciertos tipos de datos automáticamente cuando usted interactúa con nuestros Servicios. Esta información nos ayuda a resolver los problemas de atención al cliente, a mejorar el rendimiento de los Servicios, a ofrecerle una experiencia ágil y personalizada y a asegurar las credenciales de su Cuenta. La información recopilada de forma automática incluye identificadores en línea: Datos de geolocalización y seguimiento (véase más arriba), sistema operativo del ordenador o del teléfono móvil, nombre y versión del navegador web y direcciones IP. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales (en casos muy limitados, ya que estos datos también se incorporan a nuestra detección de fraude y detección de flujo financiero ilícito) y la ejecución del contrato, ya que deseamos proporcionar una experiencia estable y sin fraudes de nuestro software.
Si lo permite la legislación aplicable, podemos recopilar ciertos tipos de datos automáticamente cuando usted interactúa con nuestros Servicios. Esta información nos ayuda a resolver los problemas de atención al cliente, a mejorar el rendimiento de los Servicios, a ofrecerle una experiencia ágil y personalizada y a asegurar las credenciales de su Cuenta. La información recopilada de forma automática incluye datos de uso: Datos de autenticación, preguntas de seguridad y otros datos recopilados a través de cookies y tecnologías similares. La base jurídica para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación de nuestro servicio en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario.
Si lo permite la legislación aplicable, podemos recopilar ciertos tipos de datos automáticamente cuando usted interactúa con nuestros Servicios. Esta información nos ayuda a resolver los problemas de atención al cliente, a mejorar el rendimiento de los Servicios, a ofrecerle una experiencia ágil y personalizada y a asegurar las credenciales de su Cuenta. La información recopilada de forma automática incluye cookies: pequeños archivos de datos almacenados en su disco duro o en la memoria de su dispositivo que nos ayudan a mejorar nuestros Servicios y su experiencia, ver qué áreas y características de nuestros Servicios son populares y contar las visitas. Para conocer la base jurídica del tratamiento de esos datos, consulte nuestra Política de cookies, donde explicamos los diferentes tipos de cookies que utilizamos. 
Del mismo modo, la Aplicación recopila información para solucionar y mejorar los problemas. Utilizamos servicios de terceros, como Segment.io o PostHog, para visualizar información agregada sobre el uso y las interacciones de los usuarios finales. Cuando es posible, tomamos medidas para minimizar o enmascarar la información enviada a terceros (como la codificación de los datos). La base jurídica para el tratamiento de los datos mencionados es el interés legítimo del funcionamiento de la Aplicación o del sitio web.
Datos anonimizados y agregados
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan ser asociados a un individuo concreto. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados son datos de transacción
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan ser asociados a un individuo concreto. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados son datos de secuencia de clics
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan ser asociados a un individuo concreto. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados son métricas de rendimiento
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan ser asociados a un individuo concreto. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados son indicadores de fraude
También agregamos datos, combinando grandes cantidades de información para que ya no identifique ni haga referencia a una persona. Utilizamos datos anonimizados o agregados para nuestros fines comerciales, como comprender las necesidades y comportamientos de los usuarios, mejorar nuestros Servicios, llevar a cabo inteligencia comercial y marketing, detectar amenazas de seguridad y entrenar a nuestros algoritmos. 
La base jurídica para el tratamiento de los datos mencionados es el interés legítimo en que la aplicación o el sitio web funcionen, perspectivas de negocios y la prevención del fraude.
Cómo utilizamos los datos que recopilamos
Debemos tener una razón válida (o "base lícita para el tratamiento") para utilizar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted pueda espera razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y nuestro uso de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le solicitamos su permiso expreso. Utilizamos sus datos para los fines siguientes ofrecer y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario. Estos servicios incluyen la Aplicación en la que los usuarios pueden gestionar su World ID y sus Tokens digitales, así como aprender sobre criptomonedas en general y el proyecto Worldcoin específicamente.
Debemos tener una razón válida (o "base lícita para el tratamiento") para utilizar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted pueda espera razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y nuestro uso de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le solicitamos su permiso expreso. Utilizamos sus datos para los fines siguientes ofrecer y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario. Estos servicios incluyen la Aplicación del operador donde los Operadores de Orb pueden gestionar y supervisar los Orbs que gestionan y sus estadísticas.
Debemos tener una razón válida (o "base lícita para el tratamiento") para utilizar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted pueda espera razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y nuestro uso de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le solicitamos su permiso expreso. Utilizamos sus datos para los fines siguientes ofrecer y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario. Estos servicios incluyen el Mercado P2P donde conectamos a los usuarios con agentes.
Debemos tener una razón válida (o "base lícita para el tratamiento") para utilizar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted pueda espera razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y nuestro uso de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le solicitamos su permiso expreso. Utilizamos sus datos para los fines siguientes ofrecer y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de las Condiciones del usuario. Estos servicios incluyen la base jurídica para todos estos casos es la ejecución de un contrato, a saber, las Condiciones del usuario.
la base jurídica para todos estos casos es la ejecución de un contrato, a saber, las Condiciones del usuario.
Para mejorar y desarrollar nuestros productos y servicios, incluso para depurar y reparar errores en nuestros Servicios. La base jurídica de este tratamiento son intereses legítimos. Los intereses perseguidos son ofrecer una experiencia estable y segura de nuestro software y hardware.
Para llevar a cabo investigaciones científicas de datos. La base jurídica de este tratamiento son los intereses legítimos de ofrecer una mejor experiencia de usuario, mayor asistencia y funciones más útiles en los Servicios.
Analizar el uso que usted hace de nuestros Servicios para prestarle una mejor asistencia. La base jurídica de este tratamiento son intereses legítimos. Los intereses perseguidos son ofrecer una mejor experiencia de nuestro software y hardware.
Para permitirle publicar información en una cadena de bloques para demostrar su singularidad. La base jurídica de este tratamiento es su consentimiento explícito.
Para usar la dirección de su billetera para enviarle tokens digitales que admitimos. La base jurídica de este tratamiento es la ejecución de un contrato, a saber, las Condiciones del usuario.
Para cumplir con la legislación aplicable, como la legislación contra el blanqueo de capitales y las sanciones. Esto implica:
Utilizar su dirección IP para bloquear a las personas cuyo país no les permita acceder a los Servicios.
Responder a las solicitudes de los interesados en virtud de las leyes de protección de datos aplicables, como las solicitudes de acceso o supresión.
Supervisar los flujos financieros potencialmente ilícitos, p. ej., de billeteras incluidas en la lista negra; y 
La base jurídica para este tratamiento de datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Gestionar sus solicitudes de servicio al cliente, quejas y consultas. La base jurídica para este tratamiento es la ejecución de un contrato, a saber, las Condiciones del usuario. 
Resolver controversias, solucionar problemas y hacer cumplir nuestros acuerdos con usted, incluidos esta Declaración de privacidad y las Condiciones del usuario. La base jurídica de este tratamiento es la ejecución de un contrato, a saber, las Condiciones del usuario y nuestros intereses legítimos cuando los intereses perseguidos son la defensa de reclamaciones jurídicas; y
Ponernos en contacto con usted en relación con actualizaciones de los Servicios. La base jurídica de este tratamiento es la ejecución de un contrato, a saber, las Condiciones del usuario.
Dónde tratamos sus datos
Transferencia de datos.
Cuando usted nos faciltita sus datos, estos pueden ser transferidos, almacenados o tratados en un lugar fuera de donde sus datos fueron recopilados originalmente. El país al que se transfieren, almacenan o tratan sus datos puede no tener las mismas leyes de protección de datos que el país en el que usted facilitó inicialmente los datos.
Nos adherimos a los principios establecidos en el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos de la Unión Europea, incluso cuando no es necesario. Por ejemplo, cuando trabajamos con encargados del tratamiento de datos que operan fuera del Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), nos aseguramos de que cumplen con el RGPD. Solo compartimos datos con encargados fuera del EEE si dicha transferencia es lícita y si confiamos en que el encargado del tratamiento de los datos protegerá sus datos tal y como exigen las leyes aplicables y, además, de acuerdo con nuestras normas. Cuando transferimos datos a un país que no tiene una decisión de adecuación, utilizamos las cláusulas contractuales tipo de la UE.
Riesgos de la transferencia
A continuación se enumeran los posibles riesgos que pueden surgir si transferimos sus datos a los Estados Unidos, la Unión Europea u otro país. A continuación también resumimos cómo mitigamos los riesgos respectivos. 
Aunque hacemos lo posible para garantizar que nuestros subcontratistas estén obligados por contrato a proteger adecuadamente sus datos, es posible que estos subcontratistas no estén sujetos a la ley de privacidad de datos de su país. Si los subcontratistas trataran ilícitamente sus datos sin autorización, podría ser difícil hacer valer sus derechos de privacidad contra ese subcontratista. Mitigamos este riesgo al cerrar acuerdos estrictos de tratamiento de datos con nuestros subcontratistas que les obligan a proteger los datos al nivel del RGPD y cumplir con las solicitudes de los interesados.
Es posible que la ley de privacidad de datos de su país no sea coherente con las leyes de privacidad de datos de los EE. UU. o de la UE. Siempre intentamos cumplir con el más alto estándar de protección de datos al que estamos sujetos. Hasta el momento, consideramos que dicho estándar más alto es el RGPD y tratamos todos los datos como si estuvieran regidos por el RGPD.
Es posible que sus datos estén sujetos a acceso gubernamental por parte de funcionarios y autoridades. En esos casos, nos hemos comprometido a impugnar cualquier solicitud gubernamental inválida, excesiva o ilegal de acceso ante un tribunal. Además, utilizamos cifrado avanzado para impedir el acceso no autorizado. 
Tenga en cuenta que esta lista contiene ejemplos, pero puede no incluir todos los posibles riesgos para usted.
AUSENCIA DE UNA DECISIÓN DE ADECUACIÓN DE LA LEGISLACIÓN SOBRE PRIVACIDAD DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS 
La Comisión Europea responsable de determinar la adecuación de la legislación sobre privacidad de otras jurisdicciones en comparación con el RGPD aún no ha establecido afirmativamente que el nivel de protección de datos personales específico del país en los Estados Unidos ofrezca el mismo nivel de protección que la legislación sobre privacidad en la Unión Europea. 
Cuándo compartimos sus datos 
Nunca venderemos sus datos. 
Cuando compartamos sus datos fuera de nuestra organización, siempre los compartiremos de forma razonablemente segura.
Cuando compartamos sus datos fuera de nuestra organización, siempre tomaremos medidas para garantizar que se gestionan de forma coherente con nuestro compromiso con su privacidad; y
Cuando compartamos sus datos fuera de nuestra organización, siempre prohibiremos que otras empresas los utilicen para sus propios fines.
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas con Worldcoin Foundation: Los datos, incluida su información personal, pueden compartirse con Worldcoin Foundation o una organización posterior responsable de promocionar y promover la misión del proyecto Worldcoin. 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas dentro de nuestra organización: Solo divulgamos los datos a los miembros de nuestro equipo que requieren acceso para realizar sus tareas y funciones. Solo divulgamos los datos necesarios para realizar tareas y funciones específicas y tenemos un sistema de control de acceso estricto.
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas con vendedores y proveedores de servicios ajenos a nuestra organización: Solo divulgamos los datos a los proveedores de servicios en cuyos servicios confiamos para el tratamiento de los datos y para proporcionale nuestros Servicios. Solo divulgamos los datos con proveedores de verificación de identidad si lo exige la ley (es decir, los requisitos de conocer a tu cliente). 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas las categorías de dichos proveedores de servicios son:
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de servicios en la nube (todos los tipos de datos)
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías gestión de bases de datos e infraestructuras 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías seguridad de los datos 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías contratación
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías comunicación
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías encuestas 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías kYC/KYB, es decir, comprobación de documentos oficiales 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías gestión de solicitudes de interesados 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías asistencia técnica
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías asistencia al usuario 
Asistencia al usuario 
Expertos externos
Desarrolladores de software especializados 
Especialistas jurídicos
Asesores fiscales 
Bancos 
Proveedores de servicios de etiquetado (solo bajo medidas de seguridad especiales)
Servicios de verificación de antecedentes para solicitantes y Operadores de Orb 
Con las fuerzas de seguridad, funcionarios u otros terceros: Podemos divulgar sus datos para cumplir con las leyes aplicables y responder a demandas legales obligatorias. Estudiaremos detenidamente cada solicitud para determinar si se ajusta a la ley y, en su caso, podremos impugnar las solicitudes inválidas, excesivamente amplias o ilegales. Podemos compartir datos personales con la policía y otras autoridades gubernamentales cuando creamos razonablemente que es necesario para cumplir con la ley, los reglamentos u otros procesos u obligaciones legales.
Podemos compartir su información personal si creemos que sus acciones son incompatibles con nuestras Condiciones del usuario, si creemos que ha violado la ley o si creemos que es necesario para proteger nuestros derechos, nuestra propiedad y seguridad, además de nuestros usuarios, el público u otros.
Podemos compartir su información personal con nuestros abogados y otros asesores profesionales cuando sea necesario para obtener asesoramiento o para proteger y gestionar nuestros intereses comerciales.
Podemos compartir su información personal en relación con cualquier fusión, venta de activos corporativos, financiación o adquisición de todo o parte de nuestro negocio por parte de otra empresa o durante las negociaciones relativas a estos asuntos.
Los datos, incluida su información personal, pueden ser compartidos entre nuestras empresas matrices, filiales y subsidiarias actuales y futuras y otras empresas bajo control y propiedad común.
Podemos compartir su información personal con su consentimiento o siguiendo sus instrucciones.
Cómo se registran sus datos en la cadena de bloques pública
La información de las transacciones relacionadas con su uso de los servicios puede quedar registrada en una cadena de bloques pública. 
Tenga en cuenta lo siguiente: las cadenas de bloques son libros de contabilidad públicos de transacciones que se mantienen en redes descentralizadas operadas por terceros que no son controladas ni operadas por Worldcoin. Debido a la naturaleza pública e inmutable de los libros de contabilidad de la cadena de bloques, no podemos garantizar la capacidad de modificar, borrar o controlar la comunicación de los datos que se cargan y almacenan en una cadena de bloques.
Cómo utilizamos las cookies
Utilizamos cookies para ayudar a nuestros Servicios a funcionar mejor. Además de las cookies, podemos utilizar otras tecnologías similares, como las balizas web, para hacer un seguimiento de los usuarios de nuestros Servicios. Las balizas web (también conocidas como "clear gifs") son gráficos diminutos con un identificador único, cuya función es similar a la de las cookies. Nuestra Política de cookies se incorpora aquí por referencia. 
También utilizamos Google Analytics. Más información sobre el uso que hace Google de sus datos cuando utiliza sus sitios web y aplicaciones asociadas: website_url_lnk Al usar los Servicios otorga su consentimiento para que almacenemos y accedamos a las cookies y otros datos en su ordenador o dispositivo móvil y para que utilice Google Analytics en relación con dichas actividades. Lea la información en el enlace proporcionado para que entienda a lo que está consintiendo.
¿Cuánto tiempo conservamos sus datos?
Conservamos sus datos durante el tiempo que sea razonablemente necesario para prestarle nuestros Servicios, servir a nuestros legítimos fines comerciales y cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales y reglamentarias. Si cierra su cuenta con nosotros, eliminaremos los datos de su cuenta en un plazo de un mes; de lo contrario, eliminaremos los datos de su cuenta después de 2 años de inactividad. Si lo exige la ley, seguiremos conservando sus datos personales según sea necesario para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales y reglamentarias, incluyendo la supervisión, detección y prevención del fraude, así como las obligaciones fiscales, contables y de información financiera. 
Tenga en cuenta lo siguiente: las cadenas de bloques son redes descentralizadas de terceros que no controlamos ni operamos. Debido a la naturaleza pública e inmutable de la tecnología de cadena de bloques, no podemos modificar, borrar o controlar la comunicación de los datos que se almacenan en cadenas de bloques.
En qué se diferencia esta Declaración de privacidad para niños y adolescentes 
Las personas menores de 18 años no están autorizadas a utilizar los Servicios, y no recopilamos conscientemente datos de personas menores de 18 años 18. Si cree que su hijo menor de 18 años ha accedido a los Servicios sin su permiso, puede solicitar la eliminación de sus datos poniéndose en contacto con nosotros a través de nuestro Portal de Solicitudes.
Si nos enteramos de que hemos recopilado datos de un menor de 18 años, eliminaremos dichos datos lo antes posible. Hemos tomado medidas como la implementación de un modelo automatizado de IA de detección de edad, instrucciones para los operadores y autoconfirmaciones para limitar el uso de los Servicios a quien tenga al menos 18 años de edad. No comercializamos productos o servicios a menores.
Los derechos que le concede la legislación en virtud del RGPD
Esta sección se aplica si el tratamiento de sus datos entra dentro del ámbito de aplicación del RGPD (p. ej., si usted es residente del Espacio Económico Europeo). Es posible que tenga derechos adicionales en virtud del RGPD como se indica a continuación. Para ejercer sus derechos disponibles en virtud del RGPD, póngase en contacto con nosotros en nuestro Portal de solicitudes.
Tiene derecho a obtener de nosotros en cualquier momento, previa solicitud, información sobre los datos personales que tratamos sobre usted en el ámbito del artículo 15 del RGPD.
Tiene derecho a exigir que corrijamos de inmediato los datos personales que le conciernen si son incorrectos.
Tiene derecho, en virtud de las condiciones descritas en el artículo 17 del RGPD, a exigir que eliminemos los datos personales que le conciernen. Estos requisitos prevén, en particular, un derecho de supresión si los datos personales ya no son necesarios para los fines para los que fueron recogidos o tratados de otro modo, así como en los casos de tratamiento ilícito, la existencia de una oposición o la existencia de una obligación de supresión en virtud de la legislación de la Unión o del Estado miembro a la que estemos sujetos. 
Tiene derecho a exigir que limitemos el tratamiento de acuerdo con el artículo 18 del RGPD. 
Tiene derecho a recibir de nosotros los datos personales que le conciernen y que nos ha facilitado en un formato estructurado, de uso común y legible por máquina, de acuerdo con el artículo 20 del RGPD.
Tiene derecho a oponerse en cualquier momento, por motivos relacionados con su situación particular, al tratamiento de los datos personales que le conciernen y que se lleva a cabo, entre otras cosas, sobre la base del artículo 6, apartado 1, frase 1, letra f), del RGPD, de conformidad con el artículo 21 del RGPD. 
Tiene derecho a ponerse en contacto con la autoridad de control competente en caso de que tenga quejas sobre el tratamiento de datos realizado por el responsable del tratamiento. La autoridad de control responsable es: la Oficina estatal de supervisión de la protección de datos de Baviera (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
Si el tratamiento de los datos personales se basa en su consentimiento, usted tiene derecho, en virtud del artículo 7 del RGPD a revocar su consentimiento para el uso de sus datos personales en cualquier momento con efecto para el futuro, por lo que la revocación es tan fácil de declarar como el propio consentimiento. Tenga en cuenta que la revocación solo tendrá efecto para el futuro. El tratamiento que tuvo lugar antes de la revocación no se ve afectado.
Cómo ponerse en contacto con nosotros en relación con esta Declaración de privacidad
También puede eliminar sus datos desde la Aplicación en el menú de Configuración. Si tiene preguntas o dudas sobre esta Declaración de privacidad, desea ejercer sus derechos o ponerse en contacto con nuestro Delegado de protección de datos (DPD), envíe su solicitud a través de nuestro Portal de solicitudes o escríbanos a Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 Estados Unidos. Respondemos a todas las solicitudes que recibimos de personas que desean ejercer sus derechos de protección de datos de acuerdo con las leyes de protección de datos aplicables. También puede eliminar sus datos desde la Aplicación.
Si tiene una duda no resuelta sobre la privacidad o el uso de los datos que no hayamos resuelto satisfactoriamente, póngase en contacto con el regulador de la protección de datos de su jurisdicción. Si reside en la UE, puede encontrar su regulador de protección de datos aquí.
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Aviso de Privacidad de Tools for Humanity
Gracias por elegir ser parte de la Comunidad Worldcoin. Worldcoin es un protocolo de código abierto, respaldado por una comunidad global de desarrolladores, individuos y otros colaboradores.
Este Aviso de Privacidad contempla los datos que usted nos proporciona a través del uso que hace de nuestros sitios web, aplicaciones ("Aplicación de Worldcoin"), protocolo y demás servicios que incluyan un enlace a este Aviso de Privacidad (en forma conjunta, los "Servicios"). Este Aviso de Privacidad se incorpora y se rige según los Términos y Condiciones de Usuario ("Términos de Usuario"). Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH US"), junto con su subsidiaria alemana Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Germany"; en conjunto, "TFH", "nosotros" o "nos"), contribuye al desarrollo inicial del protocolo de Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
La Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California (California Consumer Privacy Act), según pueda ser enmendada por la Ley de Derechos de Privacidad de California (California Privacy Rights Act), no se aplica actualmente a nosotros.
Responsables del tratamiento 
Somos los responsables del tratamiento de datos de todos los "Datos de la Aplicación": Tools for Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104, EE. UU. 
"Datos de la Aplicación" se refiere a todos los datos personales recopilados y tratados a través de su uso de World App, conforme se define más adelante en la Sección 5, excepto cualquier dato personal relacionado con el uso que usted haga del protocolo de Worldcoin o los tokens de Worldcoin (como la dirección de su billetera y los datos sobre transacciones, que no recopilamos). 
Actualizaciones de este Aviso de Privacidad
De forma periódica, actualizaremos este Aviso de Privacidad. Si realizamos cambios importantes, como la forma en la que usamos su información personal, se lo informaremos por correo electrónico o mensaje en la aplicación de Worldcoin.
¿Qué contiene este Aviso de Privacidad?
Nuestro compromiso con la protección de su privacidad y sus datos
Información que recopilamos y motivo de la recopilación 
Cómo utilizamos los datos que recopilamos 
Dónde llevamos a cabo el tratamiento de sus datos 
Cuándo compartimos sus datos 
Cómo se registran sus datos en la blockchain pública
Cómo usamos las cookies
Cuánto tiempo conservamos sus datos
Cómo difiere este Aviso de Privacidad en el caso de niños y adolescentes
Sus derechos legales en virtud del RGPD
Cómo comunicarse con nosotros en relación con este Aviso de Privacidad
Nuestro compromiso con la protección de su privacidad y sus datos
Estamos profundamente comprometidos con la protección de su privacidad y la seguridad de sus datos. Reconocemos que solo podemos cumplir con nuestra misión de distribuir nuestros tokens digitales de manera justa a la mayor cantidad posible de personas si las personas confían en nosotros, y la privacidad y la seguridad de los datos son fundamentales para ganarnos su confianza.
Privacidad
Hemos diseñado nuestros productos y servicios teniendo en cuenta su privacidad. Recopilamos datos para mejorar nuestros productos y servicios. Siempre le informaremos, aquí en este Aviso de Privacidad o en formularios de consentimiento para tratamiento de datos de los productos o servicios específicos, qué datos estamos recopilando, por qué estamos recopilando esos datos y qué hacemos con ellos. 
Seguridad de los datos
Contamos con un equipo dedicado a cuidar sus datos y hemos implementado medidas de seguridad físicas y electrónicas que protegen sus datos tanto en tránsito como en reposo. Al mismo tiempo, ningún servicio puede ser completamente seguro. Si tiene alguna inquietud sobre su cuenta o sus datos, comuníquese con nosotros a través de nuestro Portal de Solicitudes o escríbanos a Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 EE. UU. 
Información que recopilamos y motivo de la recopilación
Datos que usted nos proporciona
Como usuario, no está obligado a proporcionar ningún dato para acceder a la aplicación de Worldcoin. Sin embargo, es posible que deba proporcionarnos determinados datos para poder utilizar alguna característica dentro de los Servicios. Los fundamentos legales para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento del usuario y el cumplimiento de un contrato (nuestro compromiso de prestar los Servicios). A continuación, encontrará una lista de los datos que puede proporcionar y para qué podemos utilizarlos nombre y apellido. Podrá elegir ingresar su nombre para asociarlo a su cuenta. Nosotros y otros usuarios podremos ver su nombre cuando eligen interactuar con su cuenta. Es posible que le solicitemos su nombre cuando envíe una solicitud en calidad de interesado. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de los Términos de Usuario.
Como usuario, no está obligado a proporcionar ningún dato para acceder a la aplicación de Worldcoin. Sin embargo, es posible que deba proporcionarnos determinados datos para poder utilizar alguna característica dentro de los Servicios. Los fundamentos legales para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento del usuario y el cumplimiento de un contrato (nuestro compromiso de prestar los Servicios). A continuación, encontrará una lista de los datos que puede proporcionar y para qué podemos utilizarlos dirección de correo electrónico. Usted podrá elegir ingresar su correo electrónico para asociarlo a su cuenta. También puede proporcionar su correo electrónico para suscribirse a nuestra lista de correo para mantenerse actualizado con el proyecto Worldcoin. Es posible que le solicitemos su correo electrónico cuando envíe una solicitud en calidad de interesado. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de los Términos de Usuario.
Como usuario, no está obligado a proporcionar ningún dato para acceder a la aplicación de Worldcoin. Sin embargo, es posible que deba proporcionarnos determinados datos para poder utilizar alguna característica dentro de los Servicios. Los fundamentos legales para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento del usuario y el cumplimiento de un contrato (nuestro compromiso de prestar los Servicios). A continuación, encontrará una lista de los datos que puede proporcionar y para qué podemos utilizarlos número de teléfono. Usted podrá elegir ingresar su número de teléfono para asociarlo a su cuenta. Con su permiso, otros usuarios podrán encontrar su cuenta a través de su número de teléfono. Podremos solicitarle su número de teléfono cuando envíe una solicitud en calidad de interesado. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de los Términos de Usuario.
Como usuario, no está obligado a proporcionar ningún dato para acceder a la aplicación de Worldcoin. Sin embargo, es posible que deba proporcionarnos determinados datos para poder utilizar alguna característica dentro de los Servicios. Los fundamentos legales para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento del usuario y el cumplimiento de un contrato (nuestro compromiso de prestar los Servicios). A continuación, encontrará una lista de los datos que puede proporcionar y para qué podemos utilizarlos comentarios y correspondencia de su parte. Esto incluye correos electrónicos, mensajes de chat u otras comunicaciones que nos envíe por correo electrónico o sitios web de redes sociales de terceros. Podemos utilizar un proveedor de servicios externo para facilitar encuestas sobre su uso de nuestros Servicios. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación del Servicio en virtud de los Términos de Usuario.
Como usuario, no está obligado a proporcionar ningún dato para acceder a la aplicación de Worldcoin. Sin embargo, es posible que deba proporcionarnos determinados datos para poder utilizar alguna característica dentro de los Servicios. Los fundamentos legales para el tratamiento en los casos que se indican a continuación son el consentimiento del usuario y el cumplimiento de un contrato (nuestro compromiso de prestar los Servicios). A continuación, encontrará una lista de los datos que puede proporcionar y para qué podemos utilizarlos contactos de la agenda. Usted podrá proporcionar a la Aplicación de Worldcoin acceso a su agenda para habilitar la característica que le permita encontrar e interactuar con otros usuarios que estén en su agenda. La información de la agenda permanece en su dispositivo. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es el interés legítimo del interesado que se encuentra dentro de la Aplicación de Worldcoin y el interés del usuario que comparte de encontrar sus contactos en la Aplicación de Worldcoin.
Tenga en cuenta lo siguiente: Usted será responsable de asegurarse de cumplir con las leyes aplicables al compartir
la información de sus contactos. Esto podrá requerir que obtenga el permiso de sus contactos. Usted puede cambiar 
de idea y desactivar nuestro acceso a sus contactos en cualquier momento, desde la configuración de su dispositivo. Si decide importar los contactos de la agenda de su dispositivo a la Aplicación de Worldcoin para saber cuáles de sus contactos utilizan nuestros Servicios o para invitarlos a acompañarlo en el uso de nuestros Servicios, sincronizaremos periódicamente los números de teléfono de sus contactos con los números y las direcciones de billetera correspondientes que hayan proporcionado otros usuarios en nuestros servidores.
Información sobre ubicación. Usted puede decidir habilitar un servicio basado en la ubicación (como la característica que le permite encontrar un Operador de Orb cerca de donde vive). Nosotros podemos recopilar información sobre su ubicación a través de GPS, dirección IP, información de torres celulares o información de punto de acceso a wifi. El tipo de datos que se recopilen sobre la ubicación depende del servicio que usted esté utilizando, el dispositivo que esté utilizando (por ejemplo, Apple o Android) y la configuración del dispositivo (si los permisos están habilitados o deshabilitados). Usted podrá cambiar sus permisos en cualquier momento desde la configuración del dispositivo. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Datos empresariales. Si tiene una relación comercial con nosotros (por ejemplo, si usted es un Operador de Orb o un proveedor), es posible que necesitemos información como nombres, dirección postal, correo electrónico, número de teléfono, dirección de billetera y otra documentación (como un documento de identificación emitido por el gobierno) como parte de la promoción de esa relación comercial y para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones de conocer a los clientes. Podremos utilizar servicios de terceros, como Onfido, para que nos ayuden a recopilar y revisar la información y documentación mencionadas anteriormente para satisfacer las obligaciones de conocer a los clientes. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales, a saber, las obligaciones de conocer al cliente (know your customer, KYC) y conocer al negocio (know your business, KYB), según lo exige la ley.
Mercado P2P. Si utiliza los Servicios del Mercado P2P (cuando estén disponibles) que le permiten comprar tokens digitales de otros usuarios, entonces podemos recopilar información adicional como la dirección de su billetera, su información de contacto (p. ej., su número de teléfono) y su número de cuenta asociado a la transacción (como su número M-PESA). Registramos los datos de la transacción como parte de la prestación de los Servicios del Mercado P2P. También podemos recopilar información adicional para cumplir con los requisitos de KYC aplicables. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación de los Servicios en virtud de los Términos de Usuario y el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Datos de la Aplicación. Si desea trabajar para nosotros, debe enviarnos su solicitud que incluya su carta de presentación y CV, así como la información personal que desea divulgar. El fundamento legal del tratamiento son los pasos a solicitud de los interesados antes de celebrar un contrato.
Datos que recopilamos a partir de fuentes externas
Ocasionalmente, podemos obtener información sobre usted de las siguientes fuentes externas datos de la blockchain. Podremos analizar los datos de la blockchain pública para garantizar que las partes que utilizan nuestros Servicios no estén involucradas en actividades ilegales o prohibidas según los Términos de Usuario, y para analizar las tendencias de transacciones con fines de investigación y desarrollo. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Ocasionalmente, podemos obtener información sobre usted de las siguientes fuentes externas servicios de verificación de identidad. Podremos obtener información de servicios de terceros utilizando los datos de usted para verificar su identidad si lo exige la ley (como los requisitos de conocer al cliente aplicables). Cabe aclarar que no utilizaremos sus datos biométricos cuando verifiquemos su identidad según lo exige la ley. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Ocasionalmente, podemos obtener información sobre usted de las siguientes fuentes externas bases de datos de talentos. Podemos recopilar datos de diversas fuentes para hacer ofertas de trabajo a personas talentosas. El fundamento legal del tratamiento son intereses legítimos. Los intereses legítimos perseguidos son nuestro interés en reclutar personas y el interés de la persona en recibir ofertas de trabajo que impliquen una misión emocionante y una alta remuneración.
Datos que recopilamos automáticamente
Si lo permite la ley aplicable, podremos recopilar determinados tipos de datos automáticamente cuando usted interactúe con nuestros Servicios. Esta información nos ayuda a abordar problemas de asistencia al cliente, mejorar el rendimiento de los Servicios, proporcionarle una experiencia optimizada y personalizada, y a proteger las credenciales de su Cuenta. La información recopilada automáticamente incluye identificadores en línea: datos de geolocalización y seguimiento (ver más arriba), sistema operativo de la computadora o el teléfono celular, nombre y versión del navegador web, y direcciones IP. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales (en casos muy limitados, ya que estos datos también se incorporan a nuestra detección de fraude y flujo financiero ilícito) y el cumplimiento del contrato, ya que deseamos proporcionar una experiencia estable y libre de fraude de nuestro software.
Si lo permite la ley aplicable, podremos recopilar determinados tipos de datos automáticamente cuando usted interactúe con nuestros Servicios. Esta información nos ayuda a abordar problemas de asistencia al cliente, mejorar el rendimiento de los Servicios, proporcionarle una experiencia optimizada y personalizada, y a proteger las credenciales de su Cuenta. La información recopilada automáticamente incluye datos de uso: datos de autenticación, preguntas de seguridad y otros datos recopilados a través de cookies y tecnologías similares. El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de estos datos es la prestación de nuestro servicio en virtud de los Términos de Usuario.
Si lo permite la ley aplicable, podremos recopilar determinados tipos de datos automáticamente cuando usted interactúe con nuestros Servicios. Esta información nos ayuda a abordar problemas de asistencia al cliente, mejorar el rendimiento de los Servicios, proporcionarle una experiencia optimizada y personalizada, y a proteger las credenciales de su Cuenta. La información recopilada automáticamente incluye cookies: pequeños archivos de datos almacenados en su disco duro o en la memoria del dispositivo que nos ayudan a mejorar nuestros Servicios y su experiencia, ver qué áreas y características de nuestros Servicios son populares y contar las visitas. Para conocer los fundamentos legales del tratamiento de dichos datos, consulte nuestra Política de Cookies, donde explicamos los diferentes tipos de cookies que utilizamos. 
De manera similar, la Aplicación de Worldcoin recopila información para solucionar problemas y mejorar. Utilizamos servicios de terceros, como Segment.io o PostHog, para ver información fusionada sobre el uso y las interacciones del usuario final. De ser posible, adoptamos medidas para minimizar u ocultar la información que se envía a terceros (como la codificación de los datos). El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de los datos mencionados antes es el interés legítimo de operar la Aplicación de Worldcoin y el sitio web.
Datos anonimizados y fusionados
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan asociarse a una persona específica. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados incluyen lo siguiente datos de transacciones.
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan asociarse a una persona específica. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados incluyen lo siguiente datos de secuencia de clics.
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan asociarse a una persona específica. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados incluyen lo siguiente métricas de rendimiento.
La anonimización es una técnica de tratamiento de datos que modifica los datos personales para que no puedan asociarse a una persona específica. Algunos ejemplos de datos anonimizados incluyen lo siguiente indicadores de fraude.
También fusionamos datos, combinando grandes cantidades de información de modo tal que ya no identifique ni haga referencia a una persona. Utilizamos datos anonimizados o fusionados para nuestros fines comerciales, como entender las necesidades y los comportamientos de los usuarios, mejorar nuestros Servicios, realizar inteligencia comercial y marketing, detectar amenazas de seguridad y entrenar nuestros algoritmos. 
El fundamento legal para el tratamiento de los datos mencionados antes es el interés legítimo de una aplicación o sitio web en funcionamiento, comprender el negocio y prevenir el fraude.
Cómo utilizamos los datos que recopilamos
Debemos tener un motivo válido (o un "fundamento legal para el tratamiento") para usar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted esperaría razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y el uso que hacemos de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le pediremos su permiso expreso. Utilizaremos sus datos para los fines que se indican a continuación proporcionar y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de los Términos de Usuario. Estos servicios incluyen la Aplicación de Worldcoin donde los usuarios pueden administrar su World ID y tokens digitales, así como aprender sobre criptomonedas en general y el proyecto Worldcoin en específico.
Debemos tener un motivo válido (o un "fundamento legal para el tratamiento") para usar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted esperaría razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y el uso que hacemos de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le pediremos su permiso expreso. Utilizaremos sus datos para los fines que se indican a continuación proporcionar y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de los Términos de Usuario. Estos servicios incluyen la App Operador donde los operadores de Orb pueden gestionar y supervisar sus Orb bajo gestión y sus estadísticas.
Debemos tener un motivo válido (o un "fundamento legal para el tratamiento") para usar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted esperaría razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y el uso que hacemos de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le pediremos su permiso expreso. Utilizaremos sus datos para los fines que se indican a continuación proporcionar y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de los Términos de Usuario. Estos servicios incluyen el Mercado P2P donde conectamos a los usuarios con agentes.
Debemos tener un motivo válido (o un "fundamento legal para el tratamiento") para usar su información personal. En los casos en los que usted esperaría razonablemente que utilicemos su información personal y el uso que hacemos de esa información cumple con las leyes aplicables, no le pediremos su permiso expreso. Utilizaremos sus datos para los fines que se indican a continuación proporcionar y mantener nuestros productos y servicios en virtud de los Términos de Usuario. Estos servicios incluyen el fundamento legal para todos estos casos es el cumplimiento de un contrato, a saber, los Términos de Usuario.
El fundamento legal para todos estos casos es el cumplimiento de un contrato, a saber, los Términos de Usuario.
Mejorar y desarrollar nuestros productos y servicios, incluso depurar y reparar errores en nuestros Servicios. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento son los intereses legítimos. Los intereses perseguidos son proporcionar una experiencia estable y segura de nuestro software y hardware.
Para llevar a cabo investigaciones científicas de datos. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento son los intereses legítimos de proporcionar una mejor experiencia del usuario, una mayor asistencia y características más útiles en los Servicios.
Analizar el uso que usted hace de nuestros Servicios para brindar una mejor asistencia. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento son los intereses legítimos. Los intereses perseguidos son proporcionar una mejor experiencia de nuestro software y hardware.
Para permitirle publicar información en una blockchain para demostrar su unicidad. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento es su consentimiento explícito.
Para usar la dirección de su billetera para enviarle tokens digitales que admitimos. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento es el cumplimiento de un contrato, a saber, los Términos de Usuario.
Para cumplir con la ley aplicable, como la ley contra el lavado de dinero y las sanciones. Esto implica:
Usar su dirección IP para bloquear a las personas cuyo país no les permite acceder a los Servicios.
Responder a las solicitudes de los interesados en virtud de las leyes de protección de datos aplicables, como las solicitudes de acceso o eliminación.
Monitorear los flujos financieros potencialmente ilícitos, p. ej., de billeteras incluidas en la lista negra. 
El fundamento legal para este tratamiento de datos es el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales.
Para gestionar sus solicitudes, quejas y consultas de servicio al cliente. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento es el cumplimiento de un contrato, concretamente, los Términos de Usuario. 
Resolver disputas, resolver problemas y hacer cumplir nuestros acuerdos con usted, incluido este Aviso de Privacidad y los Términos de Usuario. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento es el cumplimiento de un contrato, concretamente, los Términos de Usuario y los intereses legítimos cuando los intereses perseguidos son la defensa de reclamaciones legales.
Para contactarlo con respecto a las actualizaciones de los Servicios. El fundamento legal de este tratamiento es el cumplimiento de un contrato, a saber, los Términos de Usuario.
Dónde llevamos a cabo el tratamiento de sus datos
Transferencia de datos.
Cuando nos proporciona sus datos, estos podrán transferirse, almacenarse o tratarse en un lugar distinto del lugar donde se recopilaron originalmente. El país al que se transfieren, o en el que se almacenan o tratan sus datos podrá no tener las mismas leyes de protección de datos que el país en el que proporcionó la información inicialmente.
Nosotros adherimos a los principios establecidos en el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos de la Unión Europea, incluso cuando no sea necesario. Por ejemplo, cuando trabajamos con encargados del tratamiento de datos que operan fuera del Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), nos aseguramos de que cumplan con el RGPD. Solo compartimos datos con encargados del tratamiento de datos fuera del EEE, si dicha transferencia es legítima y si confiamos en que el encargado del tratamiento de datos protegerá los datos, conforme lo exigen las leyes aplicables y, además, de acuerdo con nuestros estándares. Al transferir datos a un país que no tiene una decisión de adecuación, utilizamos las Cláusulas contractuales estándares de la UE.
Riesgos de la transferencia
A continuación, se presenta una lista de posibles riesgos que pueden surgir si transferimos sus datos a los Estados Unidos, la Unión Europea u otro país. A continuación, también resumimos cómo mitigamos los riesgos respectivos. 
Si bien hacemos todo lo posible para garantizar que nuestros subcontratistas estén obligados contractualmente a proteger adecuadamente sus datos, es posible que estos subcontratistas no estén sujetos a la ley de privacidad de los datos de su país. Si los subcontratistas procesaran ilegalmente sus datos sin autorización, tal vez sea difícil hacer valer sus derechos de privacidad contra ese subcontratista. Mitigamos este riesgo a medida que cerramos acuerdos estrictos de tratamiento de datos con nuestros subcontratistas que los obligan a proteger los datos a nivel del RGPD y a cumplir con las solicitudes de los interesados.
Es posible que la ley de privacidad de los datos de su país sea incompatible con las leyes de privacidad de los datos de los EE. UU. o la UE. Siempre intentamos cumplir con el más alto estándar de protección de datos al que estamos sujetos. Hasta el momento, encontramos que este es el RGPD y tratamos todos los datos como si estuvieran regidos por el RGPD.
Es posible que sus datos estén sujetos al acceso gubernamental de funcionarios y autoridades. En esos casos, nos hemos comprometido a impugnar cualquier solicitud de acceso gubernamental inválida, excesiva o ilegal ante un tribunal. Además, utilizamos el cifrado avanzado para impedir el acceso no autorizado. 
Tenga en cuenta que esta lista contiene ejemplos, pero es posible que no incluya todos los posibles riesgos para usted.
NO SE HA DETERMINADO LA ADECUACIÓN DE LAS LEYES DE PRIVACIDAD DE LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS 
La Comisión de la Unión Europea responsable de determinar la adecuación de las Leyes de Privacidad de otras jurisdicciones en comparación con el RGPD aún no ha establecido positivamente que el nivel de protección de datos personales específico de los Estados Unidos, donde se trata parte de sus datos, proporciona el mismo nivel de protección que las Leyes de Privacidad en la Unión Europea. 
Cuándo compartiremos sus datos 
Nunca venderemos sus datos. 
Cuando compartamos sus datos fuera de nuestra organización, siempre haremos lo siguiente los compartiremos de una manera razonablemente segura.
Cuando compartamos sus datos fuera de nuestra organización, siempre haremos lo siguiente tomaremos medidas para asegurarnos de que se gestionen de un modo compatible con nuestro compromiso con su privacidad; y
Cuando compartamos sus datos fuera de nuestra organización, siempre haremos lo siguiente prohibiremos que otras empresas los usen con sus propios fines.
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas con Worldcoin Foundation: Los datos, incluida su información personal, pueden compartirse con Worldcoin Foundation o una organización posterior responsable de fomentar y promover la misión del proyecto Worldcoin. 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas dentro de nuestra organización: Solo divulgaremos datos a los miembros de nuestro equipo que necesiten acceso para realizar sus tareas y funciones. Solo divulgaremos los datos necesarios para realizar tareas y funciones específicas, y disponemos de un sistema de estricto control de acceso.
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas con proveedores y prestadores de servicios fuera de nuestra organización: Solo divulgaremos datos a proveedores de servicios de confianza para tratar los datos y proporcionarle nuestros Servicios a usted. Solo divulgaremos datos a proveedores de verificación de identidad si lo exige la ley (es decir, requisitos de conocer al cliente). 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas las categorías de dichos proveedores de servicios son:
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de servicios en la nube (todos los tipos de datos)
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías gestión de bases de datos e infraestructura 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías seguridad de los datos 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías reclutamiento
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías comunicación
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías encuestas 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías kYC/KYB, es decir, verificación de documentos oficiales 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías gestión de solicitudes del interesado 
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías asistencia técnica
Compartimos sus datos de estas maneras limitadas proveedores de SaaS; utilizamos productos SaaS en las siguientes categorías asistencia al usuario 
Asistencia al usuario 
Expertos externos
Desarrolladores de software especializados 
Especialistas legales
Asesores fiscales 
Bancos 
Proveedores de servicios de etiquetado (solo bajo salvaguardas especiales)
Servicios de verificación de antecedentes para solicitantes y operadores de Orb 
Con las fuerzas del orden público, funcionarios u otros terceros: podremos divulgar sus datos para cumplir con las leyes aplicables y responder a demandas legales obligatorias. Consideraremos detenidamente cada solicitud para determinar si cumple con la ley y, si corresponde, podremos impugnar las solicitudes inválidas, excesivamente amplias o ilegales. Podemos compartir datos personales con la policía y otras autoridades gubernamentales cuando creamos razonablemente que es necesario para cumplir con las leyes, reglamentaciones u otros procesos u obligaciones legales.
Podemos compartir su información personal si creemos que sus acciones son incompatibles con nuestros Términos de Usuario, si creemos que ha violado la ley o si creemos que es necesario para proteger nuestros derechos, propiedad y seguridad, a nuestros usuarios, al público u otras partes.
Podemos compartir su información personal con nuestros abogados y otros asesores profesionales cuando sea necesario para obtener asesoramiento o, de otro modo, proteger y gestionar nuestros intereses comerciales.
Podemos compartir su información personal en relación con negociaciones relacionadas con una fusión, la venta de activos de la compañía, el financiamiento o la adquisición de la totalidad o una parte de nuestro negocio por parte de otra compañía, o en el transcurso de dichas negociaciones.
Los datos, incluida su información personal, pueden compartirse entre nuestras compañías matrices, filiales y subsidiarias actuales y futuras, y con otras compañías que están bajo el control y la propiedad común.
Podemos compartir su información personal con su consentimiento o siguiendo sus instrucciones.
Cómo se registrarán sus datos en la blockchain pública
La información de las transacciones relacionadas con el uso de nuestros Servicios puede quedar registrada en una blockchain pública. 
Tenga en cuenta lo siguiente: Las blockchain son libros de transacciones públicos que se mantienen en redes descentralizadas operadas por terceros que no están bajo el control ni son operadas por Worldcoin. Debido a la naturaleza pública e inmutable de los libros de blockchain, no podemos garantizar la capacidad para modificar, borrar o controlar la divulgación de los datos que se cargan y almacenan en una blockchain.
Cómo usamos las cookies
Utilizaremos cookies para ayudar a que nuestros Servicios funcionen mejor. Además de las cookies, podremos utilizar otras tecnologías similares, como las balizas web, para rastrear a los usuarios de nuestros Servicios. Las balizas web (también denominadas "imágenes gif transparentes"), serán gráficos diminutos con un identificador único, cuya función es similar a la de las cookies. Se incorpora al presente nuestra Política de Cookies por su referencia. 
También utilizamos Google Analytics. Podrá encontrar más información sobre cómo Google utiliza los datos cuando usted utiliza los sitios web y las aplicaciones de sus socios en website_url_lnk Al utilizar los Servicios, usted acepta que acepta que almacenemos y accedamos a cookies y otros datos de su computadora o dispositivo móvil, y que se utilice Google Analytics en relación con dichas actividades. Lea la información en el enlace proporcionado para entender lo que está aceptando.
Cuánto tiempo conservaremos sus datos
Conservaremos sus datos durante el tiempo que sea razonablemente necesario para proporcionarle nuestros Servicios, cumplir con nuestros fines comerciales legítimos y con nuestras obligaciones legales y reglamentarias. Si cierra su cuenta con nosotros, eliminaremos los datos de su cuenta en el plazo de un mes; de lo contrario, eliminaremos los datos de su cuenta después de 2 años de inactividad. Si la ley lo exige, seguiremos conservando sus datos según sea necesario para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales y reglamentarias, lo que incluye el monitoreo, la detección y la prevención de fraudes, y las obligaciones fiscales, contables y de presentación de informes financieros. 
Tenga en cuenta lo siguiente: Las blockchain son redes descentralizadas de terceros que no controlamos ni operamos. Debido a la naturaleza pública e inmutable de la tecnología de blockchain, no podremos modificar, borrar ni controlar la divulgación de los datos que se almacenan en las blockchain
Cómo difiere este Aviso de Privacidad en el caso de niños y adolescentes 
Las personas menores de 18 años no están autorizadas a utilizar los Servicios, y no recopilamos deliberadamente datos de personas menores de 18 años. Si cree que su hijo menor de 18 años ha obtenido acceso a los Servicios sin su permiso, podrá solicitar la eliminación de los datos del menor comunicándose con nosotros a través de nuestro Portal de Solicitudes.
Si tomamos conocimiento de que hemos recopilado datos sobre un niño menor de 18 años, los eliminaremos lo antes posible. Hemos tomado medidas, como la implementación de un modelo de inteligencia artificial de detección automática de la edad, instrucciones a los operadores y autoconfirmaciones para restringir el uso de los Servicios para los mayores de 18 años. No comercializaremos productos ni servicios para menores de edad.
Los derechos legales en virtud del RGPD
Esta sección se aplica si el tratamiento de sus datos se encuentra dentro del alcance de aplicación del RGPD (p. ej., si usted es residente del Espacio Económico Europeo). Es posible que tenga derechos adicionales en virtud del RGPD, según se indica a continuación. Para ejercer sus derechos disponibles en virtud del RGPD, comuníquese con nosotros en nuestro Portal de Solicitudes.
Usted tiene derecho a obtener de nosotros, en cualquier momento y por pedido, información sobre los datos personales que procesamos en relación con usted dentro del alcance del Art. 15 del RGPD.
Tiene derecho a exigir que corrijamos de inmediato los datos personales sobre usted si son incorrectos.
Usted tiene derecho, de acuerdo con las condiciones descritas en el Art. 17 del RGPD, a exigir que eliminemos los datos personales sobre usted. Estos prerrequisitos establecen, en particular, un derecho de eliminación si los datos personales ya no son necesarios para los fines para los que fueron recopilados o tratados de otro modo, así como en los casos de tratamiento ilegal, la existencia de una objeción o la existencia de una obligación de eliminación en virtud del Derecho de la Unión o la ley del Estado miembro al que estamos sujetos. 
Usted tiene derecho a exigir que restrinjamos el tratamiento de acuerdo con el Art. 18 del RGPD. 
Usted tiene derecho a recibir de nosotros los datos personales sobre usted que nos haya proporcionado en un formato estructurado, de uso común y legible en máquina, de acuerdo con el Art. 20 del RGPD.
Usted tiene derecho a objetar en cualquier momento, por motivos relacionados con su situación particular, el tratamiento de datos personales sobre usted que se lleve a cabo, entre otros, sobre la base del Artículo 6 oración 1 lit. f del RGPD, de acuerdo con el Artículo 21 del RGPD. 
Usted tiene derecho a comunicarse con la autoridad supervisora competente en caso de quejas sobre el tratamiento de datos que realiza el responsable del tratamiento. La autoridad de supervisión responsable es la Oficina Estatal Bávara para la Supervisión de la Protección de Datos (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
Si el tratamiento de datos personales se basa en su consentimiento, de acuerdo con el Art. 7 del RGPD, usted tiene derecho a revocar su consentimiento para el uso de sus datos personales en cualquier momento con efecto a futuro, por lo que la revocación es tan fácil de declarar como el consentimiento propiamente dicho. Tenga en cuenta que la revocación solo entra en vigencia para el futuro. El tratamiento que tuvo lugar antes de la revocación no se ve afectado.
Cómo comunicarse con nosotros en relación con este Aviso de Privacidad
Usted puede optar por eliminar sus datos de la aplicación de Worldcoin desde el menú de Configuración. Si tiene alguna pregunta o inquietud con respecto a este Aviso de Privacidad, desea ejercer sus derechos o comunicarse con nuestro oficial responsable de la protección de los datos (Data Protection Officer, DPO), envíe su solicitud a través de nuestro Portal de Solicitudes o escríbanos a Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104, EE. UU. Responderemos a todas las solicitudes que recibimos de personas que desean ejercer sus derechos de protección de datos de acuerdo con la legislación de protección de datos aplicable. También podrá eliminar sus datos de la aplicación de Worldcoin.
Si tiene alguna inquietud relativa a la privacidad o al uso de datos que no hayamos resuelto de forma satisfactoria, comuníquese con el organismo regulador de la protección de datos de su jurisdicción. Si reside en la UE, puede encontrar su organismo regulador de la protección de datos aquí.
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Déclaration de confidentialité de Tools for Humanity
Merci d'avoir choisi de faire partie de la communauté Worldcoin ! Worldcoin est un protocole open source, soutenu par une communauté mondiale de développeurs, d'individus et d'autres contributeurs.
La présente Déclaration de confidentialité couvre les données que vous nous fournissez par le biais de votre utilisation des sites Web, applications et protocoles ("Application" et d'autres services liés à la présente Déclaration de confidentialité (collectivement, les "Services"). La présente Déclaration de confidentialité est incorporée et régie par les Conditions générales de l'utilisateur ("Conditions d'utilisation"). Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH US"), conjointement à sa filiale allemande Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Germany" ; conjointement, "TFH" ou "nous," "notre/nos"), dirige le développement initial et la croissance du protocole Worldcoin, ("Worldcoin"). 
La Loi californienne sur la protection de la vie privée des consommateurs (California Consumer Privacy Act), telle que modifiée par la Loi californienne sur les droits à la vie privée (California Privacy Rights Act), ne s'applique pas actuellement à nous.
Responsables du traitement 
Nous sommes le responsable du traitement de toutes les "Données d'application" : Tools for Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 États-Unis. 
"Données de l'application" désigne toutes les données à caractère personnel collectées et traitées par le biais de votre utilisation de l'Application World, telles que définies plus en détail dans la Section 5 ci-dessous, à l'exception de toutes les données à caractère personnel liées à votre utilisation du protocole Worldcoin ou des jetons Worldcoin (comme votre adresse de portefeuille et les données transactionnelles, que nous ne collectons pas). 
Mises à jour de la présente Déclaration de confidentialité
Nous mettons parfois à jour la présente Déclaration de confidentialité. Si nous apportons des modifications majeures, par exemple à la manière dont nous utilisons vos informations personnelles, nous vous en informerons par e-mail ou par message dans votre Application.
Que contient la présente Déclaration de confidentialité ?
Notre engagement à protéger votre vie privée et vos données
Les informations que nous collectons et pourquoi nous les collectons 
Comment nous utilisons les données que nous collectons 
Où nous traitons vos données 
Quand nous partageons vos données 
Comment vos données sont enregistrées sur la blockchain publique
Comment nous utilisons les cookies
Combien de temps nous conservons vos données
Dans quelle mesure la présente Déclaration de confidentialité diffère pour les enfants et les adolescents
Les droits légaux dont vous disposez en vertu du RGPD
Comment nous contacter au sujet de la présente Déclaration de confidentialité
Notre engagement à protéger votre vie privée et vos données
Nous sommes profondément engagés à protéger votre vie privée et à sécuriser vos données. Nous reconnaissons que nous pouvons remplir notre mission de distribution équitable de jetons numériques vis-à-vis d'autant de personnes que possible seulement si les gens nous font confiance et que la confidentialité et la sécurité des données sont essentielles pour gagner votre confiance.
Confidentialité
Nous avons conçu nos produits et services en gardant votre vie privée à l'esprit. Nous collectons des données pour améliorer nos produits et services. Nous vous dirons toujours, ici dans la présente Déclaration de confidentialité ou dans les formulaires de consentement au traitement de vos données pour des produits ou services spécifiques, quelles données nous collectons, pourquoi nous collectons ces données et ce que nous en faisons. 
Sécurité des données
Nous disposons d'une équipe dédiée qui prend soin de vos données et avons mis en place des mesures de protection physiques et électroniques qui protègent vos données en transit et au repos. Dans le même temps, aucun service ne peut être entièrement sécurisé. Si vous avez des préoccupations concernant votre compte ou vos données, veuillez nous contacter via notre Portail de demande ou nous écrire à l'adresse Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 États-Unis. 
Les informations que nous collectons et pourquoi nous les collectons
Données que vous nous fournissez
En tant qu'utilisateur, vous n'êtes pas tenu de fournir des données pour accéder à l'Application. Toutefois, vous devrez peut-être nous fournir certaines données afin d'utiliser une fonctionnalité des Services. Les bases juridiques du traitement dans les cas ci-dessous reposent sur le consentement de l'utilisateur' et l'exécution d'un contrat (notre engagement à la prestation des Services). Vous trouverez ci-dessous une liste de données que vous pouvez fournir et pour quelles raisons nous pouvons utiliser les données prénom et nom de famille. Vous pouvez choisir de saisir votre nom pour l'associer à votre compte. Nous et d'autres utilisateurs peuvent voir votre nom lorsqu'ils choisissent d'interagir avec votre compte. Nous pouvons exiger votre nom lorsque vous soumettez une demande de personne concernée. La base juridique du traitement de ces données est l'exécution du Service en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation.
En tant qu'utilisateur, vous n'êtes pas tenu de fournir des données pour accéder à l'Application. Toutefois, vous devrez peut-être nous fournir certaines données afin d'utiliser une fonctionnalité des Services. Les bases juridiques du traitement dans les cas ci-dessous reposent sur le consentement de l'utilisateur' et l'exécution d'un contrat (notre engagement à la prestation des Services). Vous trouverez ci-dessous une liste de données que vous pouvez fournir et pour quelles raisons nous pouvons utiliser les données adresse e-mail. Vous pouvez choisir de saisir votre adresse e-mail pour l'associer à votre compte. Vous pouvez également fournir votre e-mail pour vous abonner à notre liste de diffusion afin de rester informé du projet Worldcoin. Nous pouvons vous demander votre adresse e-mail lorsque vous soumettez une demande de personne concernée. La base juridique du traitement de ces données est l'exécution du Service en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation.
En tant qu'utilisateur, vous n'êtes pas tenu de fournir des données pour accéder à l'Application. Toutefois, vous devrez peut-être nous fournir certaines données afin d'utiliser une fonctionnalité des Services. Les bases juridiques du traitement dans les cas ci-dessous reposent sur le consentement de l'utilisateur' et l'exécution d'un contrat (notre engagement à la prestation des Services). Vous trouverez ci-dessous une liste de données que vous pouvez fournir et pour quelles raisons nous pouvons utiliser les données numéro de téléphone. Vous pouvez choisir de saisir votre numéro de téléphone pour l'associer à votre compte. Avec votre autorisation, d'autres utilisateurs peuvent trouver votre compte via votre numéro de téléphone. Nous pouvons exiger un numéro de téléphone lorsque vous soumettez une demande de la personne concernée. La base juridique du traitement de ces données est l'exécution du Service en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation.
En tant qu'utilisateur, vous n'êtes pas tenu de fournir des données pour accéder à l'Application. Toutefois, vous devrez peut-être nous fournir certaines données afin d'utiliser une fonctionnalité des Services. Les bases juridiques du traitement dans les cas ci-dessous reposent sur le consentement de l'utilisateur' et l'exécution d'un contrat (notre engagement à la prestation des Services). Vous trouverez ci-dessous une liste de données que vous pouvez fournir et pour quelles raisons nous pouvons utiliser les données commentaires et correspondance de votre part. Cela comprend les e-mails, messages de discussion instantanée ou autres communications que vous nous envoyez par e-mail ou sites Web de réseaux sociaux tiers. Nous pouvons faire appel à un prestataire de services tiers pour faciliter les enquêtes sur votre utilisation de nos Services. La base juridique du traitement de ces données est l'exécution du Service en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation.
En tant qu'utilisateur, vous n'êtes pas tenu de fournir des données pour accéder à l'Application. Toutefois, vous devrez peut-être nous fournir certaines données afin d'utiliser une fonctionnalité des Services. Les bases juridiques du traitement dans les cas ci-dessous reposent sur le consentement de l'utilisateur' et l'exécution d'un contrat (notre engagement à la prestation des Services). Vous trouverez ci-dessous une liste de données que vous pouvez fournir et pour quelles raisons nous pouvons utiliser les données contacts du carnet d'adresses. Vous pouvez fournir à l'Application l'accès à votre carnet d'adresses pour activer la fonctionnalité qui vous permet de trouver et d'interagir facilement avec d'autres utilisateurs qui peuvent être dans votre carnet d'adresses. Les informations du carnet d'adresses restent sur votre appareil. La base juridique du traitement de ces données est l'intérêt légitime du sujet à se trouver dans l'Application et l'intérêt de l'utilisateur partageant de trouver ses contacts dans l'Application.
Veuillez noter : Vous êtes tenu de vous assurer que le partage des informations de vos contacts est conforme
aux lois applicables. Cela peut nécessiter que vous obteniez l'autorisation de vos contacts. Vous pouvez changer 
d'avis et désactiver notre accès à vos contacts à tout moment dans les paramètres de votre appareil. Si vous choisissez d'importer les contacts du carnet d'adresses de votre appareil' vers l'Application pour savoir lequel de vos contacts utilise nos Services ou de les inviter à vous rejoindre pour utiliser nos Services, nous synchroniserons périodiquement vos numéros de téléphone de contacts' avec ces numéros et les adresses de portefeuille correspondantes fournies par d'autres utilisateurs sur nos serveurs.
Informations de localisation. Vous pouvez décider d'activer un service basé sur la localisation (comme une fonctionnalité vous permettant de trouver un Opérateur Orb près de chez vous). Nous pouvons collecter des informations concernant votre localisation par le biais du GPS, de l'adresse IP, des informations sur le relais cellulaire ou des informations sur le point d'accès Wi-Fi. Le type de données de localisation collectées dépend du service que vous utilisez, de l'appareil que vous utilisez (par exemple, Apple ou Android) et des paramètres de votre appareil (autorisations activées ou désactivées). Vous pouvez modifier vos autorisations à tout moment dans les paramètres de votre appareil. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur le respect des obligations légales.
Données d'entreprise. Si vous entretenez une relation commerciale avec nous (par exemple, si vous êtes un Opérateur Orb ou un fournisseur), nous pouvons exiger des informations telles que les noms, l'adresse postale, l'adresse électronique, le numéro de téléphone, l'adresse du portefeuille et d'autres documents (tels que votre identifiant gouvernemental) dans le cadre de cette relation commerciale et pour satisfaire à nos obligations de connaissance des clients. Nous pouvons utiliser des services tiers, comme Onfido, pour nous aider à collecter et examiner les informations et la documentation ci-dessus afin de satisfaire aux obligations de connaissance des clients. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur le respect des obligations légales, à savoir, les obligations de connaissance du client et de connaissance de l'entreprise (KYB), comme l'exige la loi.
P2P Marketplace. Si vous utilisez les Services P2P Marketplace (le cas échéant) qui vous permettent d'acheter des jetons numériques auprès d'autres utilisateurs, nous pouvons collecter des informations supplémentaires telles que votre adresse de portefeuille, vos coordonnées (c'est-à-dire votre numéro de téléphone) et votre numéro de compte associé à la transaction (comme votre numéro M-PESA). Nous enregistrons les données de transaction dans le cadre de la fourniture des Services P2P Marketplace. Nous pouvons également recueillir des informations supplémentaires pour nous conformer aux exigences KYC applicables. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur l'exécution des Services en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation et le respect des obligations légales.
Données d'application. Si vous souhaitez travailler pour nous, vous devez nous envoyer votre candidature avec votre lettre de motivation et votre CV ainsi que les informations personnelles que vous souhaitez divulguer. La base juridique du traitement repose sur la procédure à la demande des personnes concernées avant de conclure un contrat.
Données que nous collectons auprès de sources tierces
De temps à autre, nous pouvons obtenir des informations vous concernant auprès des sources tierces suivantes données de chaîne de blocs (Blockchain). Nous pouvons analyser les données de la blockchain publique pour nous assurer que les parties utilisant nos Services ne mènent pas d'activités illégales ou interdites en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation, et pour analyser les tendances des transactions à des fins de recherche et de développement. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur le respect des obligations légales.
De temps à autre, nous pouvons obtenir des informations vous concernant auprès des sources tierces suivantes services de vérification d'identité. Nous pouvons obtenir des informations auprès de services tiers en utilisant vos données pour vérifier votre identité si la loi l'exige (comme les exigences de connaissance des clients). À titre de clarification, nous n'utilisons pas vos données biométriques lorsque nous vérifions votre identité comme la loi l'exige. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur le respect des obligations légales.
De temps à autre, nous pouvons obtenir des informations vous concernant auprès des sources tierces suivantes bases de données des talents. Nous pouvons collecter des données provenant de diverses sources pour proposer des offres d'emploi à des personnes talentueuses. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur les intérêts légitimes. Les intérêts légitimes poursuivis sont notre intérêt à recruter des personnes et l'intérêt de la personne à recevoir des offres d'emploi qui impliquent une mission passionnante et une rémunération élevée.
Données que nous collectons automatiquement
Si cela est autorisé par la loi applicable, nous pouvons collecter certains types de données automatiquement lorsque vous interagissez avec nos Services. Ces informations nous aident à résoudre les problèmes rapportés à l'assistance client, à améliorer les performances des Services, à vous proposer une expérience rationalisée et personnalisée et à sécuriser vos identifiants de Compte. Les informations collectées automatiquement comprennent identifiants en ligne : Informations de géolocalisation et de suivi (voir ci-dessus), système d'exploitation de l'ordinateur ou du téléphone portable, nom et version du navigateur Web et adresses IP. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur le respect des obligations légales (dans des cas très limités, car ces données sont également intégrées à notre détection de fraude et de flux financiers illicites) et l'exécution du contrat, car nous souhaitons fournir une expérience stable et sans fraude de notre logiciel.
Si cela est autorisé par la loi applicable, nous pouvons collecter certains types de données automatiquement lorsque vous interagissez avec nos Services. Ces informations nous aident à résoudre les problèmes rapportés à l'assistance client, à améliorer les performances des Services, à vous proposer une expérience rationalisée et personnalisée et à sécuriser vos identifiants de Compte. Les informations collectées automatiquement comprennent données d'utilisation : Données d'authentification, questions de sécurité et autres données collectées par l'intermédiaire de cookies et de technologies similaires. La base juridique du traitement de ces données repose sur l'exécution de notre service en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation.
Si cela est autorisé par la loi applicable, nous pouvons collecter certains types de données automatiquement lorsque vous interagissez avec nos Services. Ces informations nous aident à résoudre les problèmes rapportés à l'assistance client, à améliorer les performances des Services, à vous proposer une expérience rationalisée et personnalisée et à sécuriser vos identifiants de Compte. Les informations collectées automatiquement comprennent cookies : petits fichiers de données stockés sur votre disque dur ou la mémoire de votre appareil qui nous aident à améliorer nos Services et votre expérience, à voir quelles zones et fonctionnalités de nos Services sont populaires, et à compter le nombre de visites. Pour la base juridique du traitement de ces données, veuillez consulter notre Politique relative aux cookies où nous expliquons les différents types de cookies que nous utilisons. 
De même, l'Application rassemble des informations pour le dépannage et l'amélioration. Nous utilisons des services tiers, tels que Segment.io ou PostHog, pour afficher des informations agrégées sur l'utilisation et les interactions de l'utilisateur final. Lorsque cela est possible, nous prenons des mesures pour minimiser ou masquer les informations envoyées à des tiers (comme l'encodage des données). La base juridique du traitement des données susmentionnées repose sur l'intérêt légitime de l'exploitation de l'Application et du site Web.
Données anonymisées et agrégées
L'anonymisation est une technique de traitement des données qui modifie les données à caractère personnel afin qu'elles ne puissent pas être associées à une personne spécifique. Parmi les données anonymisées, on peut citer ce qui suit données de transaction
L'anonymisation est une technique de traitement des données qui modifie les données à caractère personnel afin qu'elles ne puissent pas être associées à une personne spécifique. Parmi les données anonymisées, on peut citer ce qui suit données de flux de clics
L'anonymisation est une technique de traitement des données qui modifie les données à caractère personnel afin qu'elles ne puissent pas être associées à une personne spécifique. Parmi les données anonymisées, on peut citer ce qui suit indicateurs de performance
L'anonymisation est une technique de traitement des données qui modifie les données à caractère personnel afin qu'elles ne puissent pas être associées à une personne spécifique. Parmi les données anonymisées, on peut citer ce qui suit indicateurs de fraude
Nous regroupons également des données, en combinant de grandes quantités d'informations de sorte qu'elles ne permettent plus d'identifier ou de référencer une personne. Nous utilisons des données anonymisées ou agrégées pour servir nos objectifs commerciaux, par exemple pour comprendre les besoins et comportements des utilisateurs, améliorer nos Services, mener des activités de veille économique et de marketing, détecter les menaces de sécurité et entraîner nos algorithmes. 
La base juridique du traitement des données susmentionnées repose sur l'intérêt légitime d'une application ou d'un site Web fonctionnel, les informations commerciales et la prévention de la fraude.
Comment nous utilisons les données que nous collectons
Nous devons avoir une raison valable (ou une "base juridique pour le traitement") d'utiliser vos informations personnelles. Dans les cas où vous pourriez raisonnablement vous attendre à ce que nous utilisions vos informations personnelles et lorsque notre utilisation de ces informations est conforme aux lois applicables, nous ne demandons pas votre autorisation expresse. Nous utilisons vos données aux fins suivantes fournir et maintenir nos produits et services en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation. Ces services comprennent l'Application dans laquelle les utilisateurs peuvent gérer leur identifiant mondial et leurs jetons numériques, ainsi qu'en savoir plus sur la cryptomonnaie en général et le projet Worldcoin en particulier .
Nous devons avoir une raison valable (ou une "base juridique pour le traitement") d'utiliser vos informations personnelles. Dans les cas où vous pourriez raisonnablement vous attendre à ce que nous utilisions vos informations personnelles et lorsque notre utilisation de ces informations est conforme aux lois applicables, nous ne demandons pas votre autorisation expresse. Nous utilisons vos données aux fins suivantes fournir et maintenir nos produits et services en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation. Ces services comprennent l'Application opérateur où les Opérateurs Orb peuvent gérer et superviser leurs Orbs sous gestion et leurs statistiques .
Nous devons avoir une raison valable (ou une "base juridique pour le traitement") d'utiliser vos informations personnelles. Dans les cas où vous pourriez raisonnablement vous attendre à ce que nous utilisions vos informations personnelles et lorsque notre utilisation de ces informations est conforme aux lois applicables, nous ne demandons pas votre autorisation expresse. Nous utilisons vos données aux fins suivantes fournir et maintenir nos produits et services en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation. Ces services comprennent la place de marché P2P où nous connectons les utilisateurs avec des agents .
Nous devons avoir une raison valable (ou une "base juridique pour le traitement") d'utiliser vos informations personnelles. Dans les cas où vous pourriez raisonnablement vous attendre à ce que nous utilisions vos informations personnelles et lorsque notre utilisation de ces informations est conforme aux lois applicables, nous ne demandons pas votre autorisation expresse. Nous utilisons vos données aux fins suivantes fournir et maintenir nos produits et services en vertu des Conditions d'utilisation. Ces services comprennent la base juridique de tous ces cas repose sur l'exécution d'un contrat, à savoir les Conditions d'utilisation.
La base juridique de tous ces cas repose sur l'exécution d'un contrat, à savoir les Conditions d'utilisation.
Pour fournir, maintenir, améliorer et développer nos produits et services, y compris pour déboguer et réparer les erreurs dans nos Services. La base juridique de ce traitement repose sur les intérêts légitimes. Les intérêts poursuivis visent à fournir une expérience stable et sûre de nos logiciels et de notre matériel.
Pour mener des recherches en science des données. La base juridique de ce traitement repose sur l'intérêt légitime visant à fournir une meilleure expérience utilisateur, une meilleure assistance et des fonctionnalités plus utiles dans les Services.
Pour analyser votre utilisation de nos Services afin de fournir une meilleure assistance. La base juridique de ce traitement repose sur les intérêts légitimes. Les intérêts poursuivis visent à fournir une expérience stable et sûre de nos logiciels et de notre matériel .
Pour vous permettre de publier des informations sur une blockchain pour prouver votre caractère unique. La base juridique de ce traitement repose sur votre consentement explicite .
Pour utiliser votre adresse de portefeuille afin de vous envoyer des jetons numériques que nous prenons en charge. La base juridique de ce traitement repose sur l'exécution d'un contrat, à savoir les Conditions d'utilisation .
Pour se conformer à la loi applicable, telle que la loi anti-blanchiment et les sanctions. Cela implique :
L'utilisation de votre adresse IP pour bloquer des personnes dont le pays ne leur permet pas d'accéder aux Services .
Répondre aux demandes des personnes concernées en vertu des lois applicables en matière de protection des données, telles que les demandes d'accès ou de suppression .
Surveiller les flux financiers potentiellement illicites, par ex. provenant de portefeuilles sur liste noire ; et 
La base juridique de ce traitement des données est le respect des obligations légales.
Pour gérer vos demandes, réclamations et demandes de service client. La base juridique de ce traitement repose sur l'exécution d'un contrat, à savoir les Conditions d'utilisation. 
Pour résoudre les litiges, les problèmes et faire appliquer nos accords avec vous, y compris la présente Déclaration de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation. La base juridique de ce traitement repose sur l'exécution d'un contrat, à savoir les Conditions d'utilisation et les intérêts légitimes, lorsque les intérêts poursuivis sont la défense de réclamations légales ; et
Pour vous contacter concernant les mises à jour des Services. La base juridique de ce traitement est l'exécution d'un contrat, à savoir les Conditions d'utilisation.
Où nous traitons vos données
Transfert de données.
Lorsque vous nous fournissez vos données, celles-ci peuvent être transférées, conservées ou traitées dans un lieu autre que celui où vos données ont été collectées à l'origine. Le pays dans lequel vos données sont transférées, conservées ou traitées peut ne pas avoir les mêmes lois en matière de protection des données que le pays dans lequel vous avez initialement fourni les données.
Nous adhérons aux principes énoncés dans le Règlement général sur la protection des données de l'Union européenne', même lorsque cela n'est pas nécessaire. Par exemple, lorsque nous travaillons avec des sous-traitants qui opèrent en dehors de l'Espace économique européen (EEE), nous nous assurons qu'ils sont en conformité avec le RGPD. Nous partageons les données avec des sous-traitants en dehors de l'EEE uniquement si un tel transfert est légal et si nous sommes convaincus que le sous-traitant protégera vos données conformément aux lois applicables et, en outre, conformément à nos normes. Lorsque nous transférons des données vers un pays qui n'a pas de décision d'adéquation, nous utilisons les Clauses contractuelles types de l'UE.
Risques de transfert
Vous trouverez ci-dessous une liste des risques possibles qui peuvent survenir si nous transférons vos données aux États-Unis, dans l'Union européenne ou dans un autre pays. Nous résumons également ci-dessous la manière dont nous atténuons les risques respectifs. 
Bien que nous fassions tout notre possible pour nous assurer que nos sous-traitants sont contractuellement tenus de protéger vos données de manière adéquate, ces sous-traitants peuvent ne pas être soumis à la législation en matière de protection des données de votre pays. Si les sous-traitants devaient traiter illégalement vos données sans autorisation, il pourrait être difficile de faire valoir vos droits à la vie privée contre ce sous-traitant. Nous atténuons ce risque lorsque nous concluons des accords stricts de traitement des données avec nos sous-traitants qui les obligent à protéger les données au niveau du RGPD et à répondre aux demandes des personnes.
Il est possible que la loi sur la protection des données de votre pays soit incompatible avec les lois sur la confidentialité des données aux États-Unis ou dans l'UE. Nous essayons toujours de respecter le plus haut niveau de protection des données auquel nous sommes soumis. Jusqu'à présent, nous avons constaté qu'il s'agissait du RGPD et nous traitons toutes les données comme si elles étaient régies par le RGPD.
Il est possible que vos données soient soumises à l'accès gouvernemental des fonctionnaires et des autorités. Dans ces cas là, nous nous sommes engagés à contester toute demande d'accès au tribunal invalide, excessive ou illégale du gouvernement. Nous utilisons en outre un chiffrement avancé pour empêcher tout accès non autorisé. 
Veuillez noter que cette liste contient des exemples, mais peut ne pas inclure tous les risques possibles pour vous.
L'ADÉQUATION DES LOIS EN MATIÈRE DE PROTECTION DES DONNÉES DES ÉTATS-UNIS N'EST PAS ÉTABLIE 
La Commission européenne responsable de la détermination de l'adéquation des Lois en matière de protection des données d'autres juridictions par rapport au RGPD n'a pas encore établi de manière formelle que le niveau de protection des données à caractère personnel propre aux États-Unis, où une partie de vos Données est traitée, offre le même niveau de protection que les Lois en matière de protection des données dans l'Union européenne. 
Quand nous partageons vos données 
Nous ne vendrons jamais vos données. 
Lorsque nous partageons vos données en dehors de notre organisation, nous nous assurerons toujours de prendre les mesures suivantes les partager de manière raisonnablement sécurisée .
Lorsque nous partageons vos données en dehors de notre organisation, nous nous assurerons toujours de prendre les mesures suivantes prendre des mesures pour s'assurer qu'elles sont traitées d'une manière qui est conforme à notre engagement concernant la confidentialité ; et
Lorsque nous partageons vos données en dehors de notre organisation, nous nous assurerons toujours de prendre les mesures suivantes interdire à d'autres sociétés de les utiliser à leurs propres fins.
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées avec la Worldcoin Foundation : Les données, y compris vos informations personnelles, peuvent être partagées avec la Worldcoin Foundation ou une organisation ultérieure responsable de la promotion et de l'avancement de la mission du projet Worldcoin. 
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées au sein de notre organisation : Nous ne divulguons les données qu'aux membres de l'équipe qui ont besoin d'y accéder pour accomplir leurs tâches et leurs obligations. Nous ne divulguons que les données nécessaires pour effectuer des tâches et des fonctions spécifiques et disposons d'un système de contrôle strict de l'accès.
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées avec les fournisseurs et prestataires de services en dehors de notre organisation : Nous ne divulguons les données qu'aux prestataires de services sur lesquels nous nous appuyons pour traiter les données et vous fournir nos Services. Nous ne divulguons les données avec les prestataires de services de vérification d'identité que si la Loi l'exige (c.-à-d., les exigences de connaissance des clients). 
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les catégories de ces prestataires de services sont :
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs de services cloud (tous types de données)
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes la gestion des bases de données et des infrastructures 
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes sécurité des données 
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes recrutement
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes communication
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes enquêtes 
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes kYC/KYB, c.-à-d. vérification des documents officiels 
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes gestion des demandes des personnes concernées 
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes assistance technique
Nous partageons vos données de ces manières limitées les fournisseurs SaaS ; nous utilisons des produits SaaS dans les catégories suivantes assistance utilisateur 
Assistance utilisateur 
Experts externes
Les développeurs logiciels spécialisés 
Spécialistes juridiques
Conseillers fiscaux 
Banques 
Prestataires de services d'étiquetage (uniquement sous protections spéciales)
Services de vérification des antécédents pour les candidats et les Opérateurs Orb 
Avec les forces de l'ordre, des fonctionnaires ou d'autres tiers : Nous pouvons divulguer vos données afin de nous conformer aux lois applicables et de répondre aux exigences légales obligatoires. Nous examinerons attentivement chaque demande pour déterminer si la demande est conforme à la loi, et le cas échéant, nous pourrons contester les demandes invalides, abusives ou illégales. Nous pouvons partager des données à caractère personnel avec la police et d'autres autorités gouvernementales, lorsque nous estimons raisonnablement qu'elles sont nécessaires pour nous conformer à la loi, à la réglementation ou à toute autre procédure ou obligation légale.
Nous pouvons partager vos informations personnelles si nous pensons que vos actions sont incompatibles avec nos Conditions d'utilisation, si nous pensons que vous avez enfreint la loi, ou si nous pensons qu'il est nécessaire de protéger nos droits, notre propriété et notre sécurité, nos utilisateurs, le public ou d'autres personnes.
Nous pouvons partager vos informations personnelles avec nos avocats et autres conseillers professionnels lorsque cela est nécessaire pour obtenir des conseils ou protéger et gérer nos intérêts commerciaux.
Nous pouvons partager vos informations personnelles dans le cadre de, ou pendant les négociations concernant toute fusion, vente d'actifs de la société, financement ou acquisition de tout ou partie de notre activité par une autre société.
Les données, y compris vos informations personnelles, peuvent être partagées entre nos sociétés mères, affiliés et filiales actuelles et futures, ainsi que d'autres sociétés sous contrôle et propriété communs.
Nous pouvons partager vos informations personnelles avec votre consentement ou selon vos instructions.
Comment vos données sont enregistrées sur la blockchain publique
Les informations de transaction relatives à votre utilisation de nos Services peuvent être enregistrées sur une blockchain publique. 
Veuillez noter : Les blockchains sont des registres publics de transactions qui sont conservés sur des réseaux décentralisés exploités par des tiers qui ne sont pas contrôlés ou exploités par Worldcoin. En raison de la nature publique et immuable des registres de blockchain, nous ne pouvons pas garantir la possibilité de modifier, d'effacer ou de contrôler la divulgation des données qui sont téléchargées et stockées sur une blockchain
Comment nous utilisons les cookies
Nous utilisons des cookies pour permettre à nos Services de mieux fonctionner. Outre les cookies, nous pouvons utiliser d'autres technologies similaires, comme les balises Web, pour suivre les utilisateurs de nos Services. Les balises Web (également dénommés « pixels invisibles ») sont de minuscules graphiques avec un identifiant unique, dont la fonction est similaire à celle des cookies. Notre Politique relative aux cookies qui est intégrée aux présentes par renvoi. 
Nous utilisons également Google Analytics. Pour en savoir plus sur la manière dont Google utilise vos données lorsque vous utilisez les sites Web et applications de ses partenaires : website_url_lnk En utilisant les Services, vous consentez à ce que nous stockions des cookies et autres données sur votre ordinateur ou appareil mobile et y accédions, et à l'utilisation de Google Analytics dans le cadre de ces activités. Veuillez lire les informations contenues sur la page accessible via le lien fourni, afin de comprendre ce à quoi vous consentez.
Combien de temps conservons-nous vos données ?
Nous conservons vos données aussi longtemps que raisonnablement nécessaire pour vous fournir nos Services, servir nos objectifs commerciaux légitimes et nous conformer à nos obligations légales et réglementaires. Si vous fermez votre compte chez nous, nous supprimerons les données de votre compte dans un délai d'un mois. Sinon, nous supprimerons les données de votre compte après 2 ans d'inactivité. Si nous y sommes tenus par la loi, nous continuerons à conserver vos données à caractère personnel si nécessaire pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales et réglementaires, y compris la surveillance, la détection et la prévention des fraudes, ainsi qu'aux obligations fiscales, comptables et financières. 
Veuillez noter : Les blockchains sont des réseaux décentralisés tiers que nous ne contrôlons et n'exploitons pas. En raison de la nature publique et immuable de la technologie blockchain, nous ne pouvons pas modifier, effacer ou contrôler la divulgation des données qui sont conservées sur des blockchains. 
Dans quelle mesure la présente Déclaration de confidentialité diffère pour les enfants et les adolescents 
Les personnes âgées de moins de 18 ans ne sont pas autorisées à utiliser les Services, et nous ne collectons pas sciemment de données auprès de personnes âgées de moins de 18 ans. Si vous pensez que votre enfant de moins de 18 ans a eu accès aux Services sans votre autorisation, vous pouvez demander la suppression de ses données en nous contactant par l'intermédiaire du Portail de demande.
Si nous apprenons que nous avons collecté des données concernant un enfant de moins de 18 ans, nous supprimerons ces données aussi rapidement que possible. Nous avons pris des mesures telles que la mise en œuvre d'un modèle d'IA automatisé de détection de l'âge, des instructions aux opérateurs et des auto-confirmations pour limiter l'utilisation des Services aux personnes âgées d'au moins 18 ans. Nous ne commercialisons pas de produits ou de services pour les enfants.
Les droits légaux en vertu du RGPD
Cette section s'applique si le traitement de vos données relève du champ d'application du RGPD (par ex., si vous résidez dans l'Espace économique européen). Vous pouvez avoir des droits supplémentaires en vertu du RGPD comme indiqué ci-dessous. Pour exercer vos droits en vertu du RGPD, veuillez nous contacter sur notre Portail de demande.
Vous avez le droit d'obtenir de nous à tout moment sur demande des informations sur les données à caractère personnel que nous traitons vous concernant dans le cadre de l'art. 15 du RGPD.
Vous avez le droit de nous demander de corriger immédiatement les données à caractère personnel vous concernant si elles sont incorrectes.
Vous avez le droit, dans les conditions décrites à l'article 17 du RGPD, de nous demander de supprimer les données à caractère personnel vous concernant. Ces prérequis prévoient notamment un droit à l'effacement si les données à caractère personnel ne sont plus nécessaires aux fins pour lesquelles elles ont été collectées ou autrement traitées, ainsi qu'en cas de traitement illégal, d'existence d'une objection ou d'une obligation d'effacement en vertu du droit de l'Union ou du droit de l'État membre auquel nous sommes soumis. 
Vous avez le droit d'exiger que nous limitions le traitement conformément à l'art. 18 du RGPD. 
Vous avez le droit de recevoir de notre part les données à caractère personnel vous concernant que vous nous avez fournies dans un format structuré, couramment utilisé et lisible par machine conformément à l'art. 20 du RGPD.
Vous avez le droit de vous opposer à tout moment, pour des motifs liés à votre situation particulière, au traitement des données à caractère personnel vous concernant qui est effectué, entre autres, sur la base de l'article 6 paragraphe1, alinéa f du RGPD, conformément à l'article 21 du RGPD. 
Vous avez le droit de contacter l'autorité de contrôle compétente en cas de réclamations concernant le traitement des données effectué par le responsable du traitement. L'autorité de contrôle responsable est : le Bureau bavarois pour le contrôle de la protection des données (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
Si le traitement des données à caractère personnel est basé sur votre consentement, vous avez le droit, en vertu de l'art. 7 du RGPD, de révoquer votre consentement à l'utilisation de vos données à caractère personnel à tout moment avec effet à l'avenir, moyennant quoi la révocation est tout aussi facile à déclarer que le consentement lui-même. Veuillez noter que la révocation ne prend effet que pour l'avenir. Le traitement qui a eu lieu avant la révocation n'est pas affecté.
Comment nous contacter à propos de la présente Déclaration de confidentialité
Vous pouvez choisir de supprimer vos données depuis l'Application, dans le menu Paramètres. Si vous avez des questions ou des préoccupations concernant la présente Déclaration de confidentialité, que vous souhaitez exercer vos droits ou contacter notre Délégué à la protection des données (DPD), veuillez soumettre votre demande via notre Portail de demande ou nous écrire à l'adresse suivante : Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 États-Unis. Nous répondons à toutes les demandes que nous recevons de personnes souhaitant exercer leurs droits en matière de protection des données conformément aux lois applicables en matière de protection des données. Vous pouvez également supprimer vos données depuis l'Application.
Si l'une de vos préoccupations concernant la protection ou l'utilisation des données n'a pas été traitée de manière satisfaisante, veuillez contacter l'organisme de réglementation de la protection des données de votre pays. Si vous résidez dans l'UE, vous pouvez trouver votre régulateur de protection des données ici.
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Tools for Humanity निजता सूचना
वर्ल्डकॉइन समुदाय का भाग बनने का विकल्प चुनने के लिए आपका धन्यवाद! Worldcoin एक ओपन-सोर्स प्रोटोकॉल है, जिसे डेवलपर्स, लोगों, और अन्य योगदानकर्ताओं के एक वैश्विक समुदाय का समर्थन प्राप्त है।
यह निजता सूचना हमारी वेबसाइट्स, ऐप्लिकेशंस ("ऐप"), और इस निजता सूचना से जुड़ी अन्य सेवाओं (सामूहिक रूप से, "सेवाएं") के आपके द्वारा उपयोग के ज़रिए आपके द्वारा हमें दिए गए डेटा पर लागू होती है। यह निजता सूचना उपयोगकर्ता नियमों और शर्तों ("उपयोगकर्ता शर्तें") में शामिल है और उन्हीं के द्वारा नियंत्रित होती है।Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH US"), अपनी जर्मन सहायक कंपनी Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Germany"; एक साथ, "TFH" या "हम," "हमारा/हमारी/हमारे/हमसे") के साथ मिलकर, Worldcoin प्रोटोकॉल ("Worldcoin") के प्रारंभिक विकास और वृद्धि में योगदान दे रही है। 
नियंत्रक 
हम सारे "ऐप डेटा" के नियंत्रक हैं: Tools for Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. 
"ऐप डेटा" का अर्थ World ऐप के आपके द्वारा उपयोग, जैसा नीचे अनुभाग 5 में और विस्तार से वर्णित है, के ज़रिए एकत्र व प्रोसेस किए गए सारे व्यक्तिगत डेटा से है, पर इसमें ऐसा कोई भी व्यक्तिगत डेटा शामिल नहीं है जो Worldcoin प्रोटोकॉल या Worldcoin टोकन के आपके द्वारा उपयोग से संबंधित है (जैसे आपका वॉलेट पता और लेनदेन से संबंधित डेटा, जिसे हम एकत्र नहीं करते हैं)। 
इस निजता सूचना में अपडेट
इस निजता सूचना में क्या है?
GDPR के तहत आपके सांविधिक अधिकार
आपकी निजता और डेटा का संरक्षण करने की हमारी वचनबद्धता
हमारे पास आपके डेटा की देखभाल के लिए एक अलग टीम है और हमने ऐसे भौतिक और इलेक्ट्रॉनिक सुरक्षा-उपाय लागू किए हैं जो पारगमन और स्थिर अवस्था, दोनों के दौरान आपके डेटा की सुरक्षा करते हैं। साथ-ही-साथ, हम यह भी कहेंगे कि कोई भी सेवा पूरी तरह सुरक्षित नहीं हो सकती है। अगर आपको आपके खाते या आपके डेटा के बारे में कोई चिंता हो, तो कृपया हमसे हमारे अनुरोध पोर्टल के ज़रिए संपर्क करें या हमें Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA पर लिखें। 
हम क्या-क्या जानकारी एकत्र करते हैं और क्यों
वह डेटा जो आप हमें देते हैं
एक उपयोगकर्ता के रूप में आपके लिए यह आवश्यक नहीं है कि आप ऐप के उपयोग के लिए कोई डेटा दें। हालांकि, सेवाओं के भीतर किसी सुविधा विशेष के उपयोग के लिए आपको हमें कुछ डेटा देने की ज़रूरत पड़ सकती है। उपयोगकर्ता की सहमति और अनुबंध (सेवाएं प्रदान करने की हमारी वचनबद्धता) का निष्पादन नीचे लिखे मामलों में प्रोसेसिंग के कानूनी आधार हैं। नीचे दी गई सूची में बताया गया है कि आप हमें कौन-कौनसा डेटा दे सकते हैं और हम उस डेटा का उपयोग किसलिए करते हैं ईमेल पता। आप अपने खाते से जोड़ने के लिए अपना ईमेल पता दर्ज करने का विकल्प चुन सकते हैं। आप Worldcoin परियोजना के नवीनतम समाचार पाने हेतु हमारी मेलिंग सूची को सब्सक्राइब करने के लिए भी अपना ईमेल दे सकते हैं। जब आप कोई डेटा आयत्त अनुरोध भेजते हैं तब हम आपका ईमेल मांग सकते हैं। उपयोगकर्ता शर्तों के तहत सेवा का निष्पादन इस डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार है।
स्थान जानकारी। आप कोई स्थान-आधारित सेवा (जैसे आपको अपने आस-पास कोई ओर्ब ऑपरेटर ढूंढने में सक्षम बनाने वाली सुविधा) चालू करने का विकल्प चुन सकते हैं। हम GPS, IP पते, सेल टॉवर की जानकारी, या Wi-Fi एक्सेस पॉइंट की जानकारी के ज़रिए आपके स्थान के बारे में जानकारी एकत्र कर सकते हैं। किस प्रकार का स्थान डेटा एकत्र किया जाएगा यह बात इस बात पर निर्भर है कि आप किस सेवा का उपयोग कर रहे हैं, आप किस डिवाइस का उपयोग कर रहे हैं (जैसे, Apple या Android), और आपके डिवाइस की सेटिंग्स क्या हैं (अनुमतियां चालू हैं या बंद)। आप जब चाहें तब अपने डिवाइस की सेटिंग्स में जाकर अपनी अनुमतियां बदल सकते हैं। कानूनी दायित्वों का अनुपालन इस डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार है।
एंटरप्राइज़ डेटा। अगर आपका हमसे कोई व्यापारिक संबंध है (जैसे अगर आप ओर्ब ऑपरेटर हैं या सप्लायर हैं), तो हम उस व्यापारिक संबंध को आगे बढ़ाने के लिए और हमारे अपने-ग्राहक-को-जानें दायित्व पूरे करने के लिए आपसे नाम, डाक पते, ईमेल, फोन नंबर, वॉलेट पता, और अन्य दस्तावेज़ (जैसे आपकी सरकारी ID) आदि जानकारी मांग सकते हैं। हम अपने-ग्राहक-को-जानें दायित्व पूरे करने हेतु ऊपर लिखी जानकारी और दस्तावेज़ प्राप्त करने में मदद के लिए तृतीय-पक्ष सेवाओं, जैसे Onfido, का उपयोग कर सकते हैं। कानून द्वारा आवश्यक किए गए कानूनी दायित्वों, नामतः अपने-ग्राहक-को-जानें (नो-यॉर-कस्टमर, KYC) और अपने-व्यापार-को-जानें (नो-यॉर-बिज़नेस, KYB) दायित्व, का अनुपालन इस डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार है।
P2P मार्केटप्लेस। अगर आप (जहां उपलब्ध हैं वहां) ऐसी P2P मार्केटप्लेस सेवाओं का उपयोग करते हैं जो आपको अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं से डिजिटल टोकन खरीदने की सुविधा देती हैं, तो हम कुछ अतिरिक्त जानकारी एकत्र कर सकते हैं, जैसे आपका वॉलेट पता, आपकी संपर्क जानकारी (यानी आपका फोन नंबर), और लेनदेन से जुड़ी आपकी खाता संख्या (जैसे, आपकी M-PESA संख्या)। हम P2P मार्केटप्लेस सेवाएं देने के भाग के रूप में लेनदेन डेटा को रिकॉर्ड करते हैं। हम लागू KYC आवश्यकताओं के अनुपालन के लिए भी अतिरिक्त जानकारी एकत्र कर सकते हैं। उपयोगकर्ता शर्तों के तहत सेवाओं का निष्पादन और कानूनी दायित्वों का अनुपालन इस डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग के कानूनी आधार हैं।
आवेदन डेटा। अगर आप हमारे लिए काम करना चाहते हैं तो आपको हमें अपना आवेदन भेजना होगा जिसमें आपका कवर लेटर और CV होते हैं और साथ ही वह व्यक्तिगत जानकारी होती है जिसे आप प्रकट करना चाहते हैं। अनुबंध करने से पहले डेटा आयत्तों के अनुरोध पर किए जाने वाले चरण, प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार हैं।
वह डेटा जो हम तृतीय-पक्ष स्रोतों से एकत्र करते हैं
समय-समय पर हम आपके बारे में निम्नलिखित तृतीय-पक्ष स्रोतों से जानकारी प्राप्त कर सकते हैं ब्लॉकचेन डेटा (Blockchain Data)। हमारी सेवाओं को उपयोग में लाने वाले पक्ष हमारे उपयोगकर्ता शर्तों के अंतर्गत गैरकानूनी या निषिद्ध गतिविधियों में संलिप्त न हों यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए, और शोध एवं विकास के प्रयोजनों से लेनदेन के रुझानों (ट्रांज़ेक्शन ट्रेंड्स) का विश्लेषण करने के लिए हम सार्वजनिक ब्लॉकचेन डेटा का विश्लेषण कर सकते हैं। कानूनी दायित्वों का अनुपालन इस डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार है।
वह डेटा जो हम स्वचालित ढंग से एकत्र करते हैं
ऑनलाइन आइडेंटिफ़ायर्स: जिओ-लोकेशन (भौगोलिक स्थान) और ट्रैकिंग के विवरण (ऊपर देखें), कंप्यूटर या मोबाइल फोन का ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम, वेब ब्राउज़र का नाम और संस्करण, और IP पते। कानूनी दायित्वों का अनुपालन (बहुत सीमित मामलों में क्योंकि इन डेटा को हमारे धोखाधड़ी और गैरकानूनी वित्तीय प्रवाह का पता लगाने वाले सिस्टम में भी डाला जाता है) और अनुबंध का निष्पादन (क्योंकि हम हमारे सॉफ़्टवेयर का एक स्थिर और धोखाधड़ीमुक्त अनुभव प्रदान करना चाहते हैं) इन डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग के कानूनी आधार हैं।
इसी प्रकार, समस्या-समाधान और सुधार के लिए भी ऐप जानकारी एकत्र करती है। हम अंत उपयोगकर्ता के उपयोग और व्यवहारों के बारे में पुंजित जानकारी देखने के लिए तृतीय-पक्ष सेवाओं, जैसे Segment.io या PostHog, का उपयोग करते हैं। जहां संभव हो वहां, हम तृतीय पक्षों को भेजी जाने वाली जानकारी न्यूनतम करने या उसे ढकने (जैसे डेटा को एनकोड करने) के कदम उठाते हैं। ऐप और वेबसाइट का संचालन करने का वैध हित, ऊपर बताए गए डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार है।
बेनामीकृत और पुंजित डेटा
हमारे द्वारा एकत्र डेटा का उपयोग हम कैसे करते हैं
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के उपयोग के लिए हमारे पास कोई वैध कारण (या "प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार") होना ज़रूरी है। जिन मामलों में आप उचित ही हमसे यह अपेक्षा करेंगे कि हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग करें और उस जानकारी का हमारे द्वारा उपयोग लागू कानूनों का अनुपालन करता हो, उन मामलों में हम आपकी व्यक्त अनुमति नहीं मांगेंगे। हम निम्नलिखित प्रयोजनों से आपके डेटा का उपयोग करते हैं उपयोगकर्ता शर्तों के तहत हमारे उत्पाद और सेवाएं प्रदान करना और उन्हें कायम रखना। इन सेवाओं में शामिल हैं ऐप, जिसमें उपयोगकर्ता अपनी World ID का और डिजिटल टोकन का प्रबंधन कर सकते हैं और सामान्यतः क्रिप्टोकरेंसी के बारे में तथा विशिष्टतः Worldcoin परियोजना के बारे में जानकारी पा सकते हैं.
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के उपयोग के लिए हमारे पास कोई वैध कारण (या "प्रोसेसिंग का कानूनी आधार") होना ज़रूरी है। जिन मामलों में आप उचित ही हमसे यह अपेक्षा करेंगे कि हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग करें और उस जानकारी का हमारे द्वारा उपयोग लागू कानूनों का अनुपालन करता हो, उन मामलों में हम आपकी व्यक्त अनुमति नहीं मांगेंगे। हम निम्नलिखित प्रयोजनों से आपके डेटा का उपयोग करते हैं उपयोगकर्ता शर्तों के तहत हमारे उत्पाद और सेवाएं प्रदान करना और उन्हें कायम रखना। इन सेवाओं में शामिल हैं p2P मार्केटप्लेस, जहां हम उपयोगकर्ताओं को एजेंट्स से जोड़ते हैं.
आपके IP पते का उपयोग करके उन व्यक्तियों को अवरुद्ध करना जिनका देश उन्हें सेवाओं तक पहुँचने की अनुमति नहीं देता है.
हम आपके डेटा को कहां प्रोसेस करते हैं
डेटा अंतरण।
हम यूरोपीय संघ के सामान्य डेटा संरक्षण विनियम (जनरल डेटा प्रोटेक्शन रेगुलेशन, GDPR) में लिखे सिद्धांतों का पालन करते हैं, तब भी जब ऐसा करना आवश्यक न किया गया हो। जैसे, जब हम यूरोपीय आर्थिक क्षेत्र के बाहर संचालन करने वाले डेटा प्रोसेसर्स के साथ काम करते हैं तो हम सुनिश्चित करते हैं कि वे GDPR का अनुपालन करते हों। हम EEA से बाहर के डेटा प्रोसेसर्स के साथ डेटा केवल तब साझा करते हैं अगर उक्त अंतरण कानून-सम्मत हो और अगर हमें पूरा विश्वास हो कि डेटा प्रोसेसर लागू कानूनों के तहत आवश्यक किए गए के अनुसार, और हमारे मानकों के अनुसार भी, आपके डेटा की सुरक्षा करेगा। पर्याप्तता निर्णय विहीन किसी देश को डेटा अंतरित करते समय, हम EU के मानक अनुबंधीय खंडों (स्टेंडर्ड कॉन्ट्रेक्चुअल क्लॉज़ेज़) का उपयोग करते हैं।
अंतरण के जोखिम
हालांकि, हमारे सबकॉन्ट्रेक्टर आपके डेटा के पर्याप्त संरक्षण के लिए अनुबंध द्वारा बाध्य हों यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए हम हर संभव प्रयास करते हैं, पर हो सकता है कि ये सबकॉन्ट्रेक्टर आपके देश के डेटा निजता कानून के अधीन न हों। यदि सबकॉन्ट्रेक्टर प्राधिकार के बिना आपके डेटा को गैर-कानूनी ढंग से प्रोसेस करते हैं, तो उस सबकॉन्ट्रेक्टर के विरुद्ध आपके डेटा निजता अधिकारों का दावा किया जाना कठिन हो सकता है। हम हमारे सबकॉन्ट्रेक्टर से GDPR के स्तर पर डेटा का संरक्षण करने और आयत्तों के अनुरोधों की पूर्ति करने के लिए उन्हें बाध्य करने वाले कठोर डेटा प्रोसेसिंग करार करके इस जोखिम की गंभीरता घटाते हैं।
यह संभव है कि आपके देश का डेटा निजता कानून, US या EU के डेटा निजता कानूनों से मेल न खाते हों। हम जिन-जिन डेटा संरक्षण मानकों के अधीन हैं उनमें से हम हमेशा सबसे ऊँचे मानक का पालन करने की कोशिश करते हैं।protection we are subject to. अब तक, हमने पाया है कि GDPR ही सबसे ऊँचा मानक है और हम सारे डेटा के साथ यूँ व्यवहार कर रहे हैं मानो वह GDPR द्वारा नियंत्रित हो।
संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के निजता कानूनों की पर्याप्तता का कोई निष्कर्ष नहीं 
GDPR की तुलना में अन्य क्षेत्राधिकारों के निजता कानूनों की पर्याप्तता के निर्धारण करने हेतु ज़िम्मेदार यूरोपीय संघ आयोग ने अभी तक यह सकारात्मक रूप से सिद्ध नहीं किया है कि संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका, जहाँ आपके डेटा के किसी अंश की प्रोसेसिंग होती है, में व्यक्तिगत डेटा संरक्षण का देश-विशिष्ट स्तर, उसी स्तर का संरक्षण प्रदान करता है जो यूरोपीय संघ के निजता कानून प्रदान करते हैं। 
हम आपका डेटा कब साझा करते हैं 
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं worldcoin Foundation से: डेटा, जिसमें आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी शामिल है, को Worldcoin Foundation के समक्ष या Worldcoin परियोजना के मिशन का प्रचार-प्रसार करने और उसे आगे बढ़ाने के लिए ज़िम्मेदार किसी अनुवर्ती संगठन के समक्ष प्रकट किया जा सकता है। 
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं डेटाबेस और मूलभूत ढाँचा प्रबंधन 
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं डेटा सुरक्षा 
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं भर्ती
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं संचार
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं सर्वेक्षण 
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं kYC/KYB यानी आधिकारिक दस्तावेज़ों की जांच 
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं डेटा आयत्त अनुरोध प्रबंधन 
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं तकनीकी सहायता
हम इन सीमित तरीकों से आपका डेटा अवश्य साझा करते हैं saaS प्रदाता; हम निम्नलिखित श्रेणियों में SaaS उत्पादों का उपयोग करते हैं उपयोगकर्ता सहायता 
सार्वजनिक ब्लॉकचेन पर आपका डेटा कैसे रिकॉर्ड होता है
कृपया ध्यान दें: ब्लॉकचेन लेनदेन की सार्वजनिक बहियां होती हैं जिन्हें ऐसे तृतीय-पक्षों जो Worldcoin द्वारा नियंत्रित या संचालित नहीं हैं, के द्वारा संचालित विकेंद्रीकृत नेटवर्क्स पर रखा जाता है। ब्लॉकचेन बहियों की सार्वजनिक और अपरिवर्तनीय प्रकृति के कारण, हम किसी ब्लॉकचेन पर अपलोड व भंडारित किए गए डेटा में संशोधन, के मिटाव या के प्रकटन के नियंत्रण की योग्यता की गारंटी नहीं दे सकते हैं।
हम कुकीज़ का उपयोग कैसे करते हैं
हम हमारी सेवाओं को बेहतर कार्य करने में मदद देने के लिए कुकीज़ का उपयोग करते हैं। हमारी सेवाओं के उपयोगकर्ताओं को ट्रैक करने के लिए हम कुकीज़ के साथ-साथ, उसके जैसी अन्य टेक्नॉलजी, जैसे वेब बीकन्स, का उपयोग भी कर सकते हैं। वेब बीकन्स (जिन्हें "पारदर्शी gifs" भी कहते हैं), अद्वितीय आइडेंटिफ़ायर वाले नन्हे ग्राफिक्स होते हैं जिनका कार्य कुकीज़ जैसा ही होता है। हमारी कुकी नीति, यहां इसमें संदर्भ द्वारा शामिल है। 
हम Google Analytics का भी उपयोग करते हैं। जब आप Google की साझेदार वेबसाइट्स और ऐप्लिकेशंस का उपयोग करते हैं तब Google आपके डेटा का उपयोग कैसे करता है इस बारे में अधिक जानकारी यहां है: website_url_lnk सेवाओं का उपयोग करने के द्वारा, आप हमारे द्वारा आपके कंप्यूटर या मोबाइल डिवाइस पर कुकीज़ व अन्य डेटा भंडारित किए जाने व उस तक पहुँचे जाने और उक्त गतिविधियों के सिलसिले में Google Analytics का उपयोग किए जाने पर सहमति देते हैं। कृपया प्रदत्त लिंक पर मौजूद जानकारी पढ़ें ताकि आप समझ सकें कि आप किस पर सहमति दे रहे हैं।
हम आपका डेटा कब तक रखते हैं?
आपको हमारी सेवाएं प्रदान करने के लिए, हमारे वैध व्यापारिक प्रयोजन पूरे करने के लिए, और हमारे कानूनी व नियामक दायित्वों का अनुपालन करने के लिए जब तक आवश्यक हो तब तक हम आपका डेटा हमारे पास रखते हैं। अगर आप हमारे यहां आपका जो खाता है उसे बंद करते हैं, तो हम एक माह के भीतर आपका खाता डेटा मिटा देंगे; अन्यथा हम 2 वर्ष की निष्क्रियता के बाद आपका खाता डेटा मिटा देंगे। अगर कानून आवश्यक करे तो, हम हमारे कानूनी और नियामक दायित्वों, जिनमें धोखाधड़ी की निगरानी, उसका पता लगाना और उसकी रोकथाम करना, और कर (टैक्स), लेखांकन (अकाउंटिंग), और वित्तीय रिपोर्टिंग के दायित्व शामिल हैं, के अनुपालन के लिए जब तक आवश्यक हो तब तक आपका व्यक्तिगत डेटा हमारे पास बनाए रखेंगे। 
यह निजता सूचना बच्चों और किशोरों के लिए किस प्रकार अलग है 
18 वर्ष से कम आयु के व्यक्तियों को इन सेवाओं के उपयोग की अनुमति नहीं है, और हम 18 वर्ष से कम आयु के व्यक्तियों से जानते-बूझते हुए डेटा एकत्र नहीं करते हैं। अगर आपका विश्वास है कि 18 वर्ष से कम आयु के आपके बच्चे को आपकी अनुमति के बिना सेवाओं की पहुँच मिल गई है, तो कृपया हमारे अनुरोध पोर्टल के ज़रिए हमसे संपर्क करके उसके डेटा को मिटाने का अनुरोध करें।
अगर हमें यह पता चलता है कि हमने 18 वर्ष से कम आयु वाले किसी बच्चे से डेटा एकत्र किए हैं, तो हम उस डेटा को अधिकतम संभव शीघ्रता से मिटा देंगे। हमने सेवाओं के उपयोग को कम-से-कम 18 वर्ष की आयु वालों तक सीमित रखने के उपाय किए हैं, जैसे आयु का पता लगाने वाला एक स्वचालित AI-मॉडल, ऑपरेटर्स को दिए गए निर्देश, और स्व-प्रमाणन। हम बच्चों में उत्पादों या सेवाओं की मार्केटिंग नहीं करते हैं।
GDPR के तहत सांविधिक अधिकार
यह सेक्शन तब लागू होता है यदि आपके डेटा की प्रोेससिंग, GDPR के लागू होने के दायरे में आती हो (जैसे, यदि आप यूरोपीय आर्थिक क्षेत्र के निवासी हैं)। GDPR के तहत आपके पास अतिरिक्त अधिकार हो सकते हैं, जैसे नीचे वर्णित हैं। GDPR के तहत उपलब्ध अपने अधिकारों का उपयोग करने के लिए, कृपया हमसे हमारे अनुरोध पोर्टल पर संपर्क करें।
आपके पास GDPR के अनु. 15 के दायरे के भीतर हमारे द्वारा प्रोसेस किए जाने वाले आपसे संंबंधित व्यक्तिगत डेटा के बारे में किसी भी समय हमसे अनुरोध करके हमसे जानकारी पाने का अधिकार है।
आपके पास GDPR के अनु. 17 में वर्णित शर्तों के अधीन यह माँग करने का अधिकार है कि हम आपसे संबंधित व्यक्तिगत डेटा मिटा दें। ये पूर्वावश्यक शर्तें विशेष रूप से एक मिटाने का अधिकार प्रदान करती हैं बशर्ते व्यक्तिगत डेटा अब उन प्रयोजनों के लिए आवश्यक न हो जिनके लिए वह एकत्र किया गया या अन्यथा प्रोसेस किया गया था, साथ ही, गैर-कानूनी प्रोसेसिंग के मामलों में, और संघीय कानून के तहत या हम जिस सदस्य राज्य के कानून के अधीन हैं उस कानून के तहत आपत्ति की मौजूदगी या मिटाने की बाध्यता की मौजूदगी के मामलों में भी उक्त अधिकार उपलब्ध है। 
आपके पास GDPR के अनु. 18 के अनुसार यह माँग करने का अधिकार है कि हम प्रोसेसिंग प्रतिबंधित कर दें। 
आपके पास GDPR के अनु. 20 के अनुसरण में, आपके द्वारा हमें दिए गए आपसे संबंधित व्यक्तिगत डेटा को हमसे, एक निश्चित संरचना वाले, आम तौर पर प्रयोग होने वाले और मशीन द्वारा पढ़े जा सकने वाले प्रारूप में प्राप्त करने का अधिकार है।
आपके पास GDPR के अनुच्छेद 21 के अनुसरण में, आपसे संंबंधित व्यक्तिगत डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग, जो अन्य के साथ-साथ, GDPR के अनुच्छेद 6 वाक्य 1 बिंदु f के आधार पर की जाती है, पर किसी भी समय और आपकी परिस्थिति विशेष से संबंधित आधारों पर, आपत्ति करने का अधिकार है। 
आपके पास नियंत्रक द्वारा संचालित डेटा प्रोसेसिंग के संबंध में शिकायतें होने की स्थिति में सक्षम पर्यवेक्षी प्राधिकरण से संपर्क करने का अधिकार है। ज़िम्मेदार पर्यवेक्षी प्राधिकरण है: बवेरियाई राज्य डेटा संरक्षण पर्यवेक्षण कार्यालय/द बवेरियन स्टेट ऑफ़िस फ़ॉर द डेटा प्रोटेक्शन सुपरविज़न (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz)।
यदि व्यक्तिगत डेटा की प्रोसेसिंग आपकी सहमति पर आधारित है, तो आप GDPR के अनु. 7 के तहत भविष्यव्यापी प्रभाव से किसी भी समय अपने व्यक्तिगत डेटा के उपयोग की अपनी सहमति वापस लेने के अधिकारी हैं, जिसमें सहमति वापसी की घोषणा करना उतना ही आसान है जितना सहमति की घोषणा करना। कृपया ध्यान दें कि सहमति की वापसी केवल भविष्य के लिए प्रभावी होती है। सहमति वापसी से पहले हो चुकी प्रोसेसिंग प्रभावित नहीं होती है।
इस निजता सूचना के बारे में हमसे कैसे संपर्क करें
आप ऐप के भीतर सेटिंग मेन्यू में जाकर अपना डेटा मिटा सकते हैं। अगर आपके पास इस निजता सूचना के बारे में प्रश्न या चिंताएं हों, आप अपने अधिकारों का उपयोग करना चाहते हों, या हमारे डेटा संरक्षण अधिकारी (डेटा प्रोटेक्शन ऑफ़िसर, DPO) से संपर्क करने के लिए, कृपया हमारे अनुरोध पोर्टल के ज़रिए अपना अनुरोध भेजें या हमें Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA पर लिखें। हम, अपने डेटा संरक्षण अधिकारों का उपयोग करने की इच्छा रखने वाले व्यक्तियों से प्राप्त सभी अनुरोधों का उत्तर लागू डेटा संरक्षण कानूनों के अनुसरण में देते हैं। आप ऐप के भीतर से भी अपना डेटा मिटा सकते हैं।
अगर आपके पास निजता या डेटा उपयोग से जुड़ी ऐसी कोई अनसुलझी चिंता हो जिसे हमने संतोषजनक ढंग से हल न किया हो, तो कृपया अपने क्षेत्राधिकार के डेटा संरक्षण नियामक से संपर्क करें। अगर आप EU में रहते हैं तो आपको आपका डेटा संरक्षक नियामक यहां मिल जाएगा।
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Pemberitahuan Privasi Tools for Humanity
Terima kasih telah memilih menjadi bagian dari Komunitas Worldcoin! Worldcoin adalah protokol sumber terbuka, yang didukung oleh komunitas pengembang, individu, dan kontributor global lainnya.
Pemberitahuan Privasi ini mencakup data yang Anda berikan kepada kami melalui penggunaan situs web, aplikasi ("Aplikasi Worldcoin"), serta layanan lain yang ditautkan dengan Pemberitahuan Privasi ini (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "Layanan"). Pemberitahuan Privasi ini digabungkan dalam dan diatur melalui Syarat dan Ketentuan Pengguna ("Ketentuan Pengguna"). Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH AS"), bersama anak perusahaannya di Jerman, Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Jerman"; bersama-sama disebut "TFH" atau "kami," "kita"), berkontribusi terhadap pengembangan awal dan pertumbuhan protokol Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Undang-Undang Privasi Konsumen California, sebagaimana diamendemen oleh Undang-Undang Hak Privasi California, saat ini tidak berlaku untuk kami.
Pengendali 
Kami adalah pengendali data semua "Data Aplikasi Worldcoin": Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 AS. 
"Data Aplikasi Worldcoin" berarti semua data pribadi yang dikumpulkan dan diproses melalui penggunaan Aplikasi Worldcoin Dunia oleh Anda, sebagaimana dijelaskan lebih lanjut dalam Bagian 5 di bawah, kecuali data pribadi terkait penggunaan protokol Worldcoin atau token Worldcoin oleh Anda (seperti alamat dompet Anda dan data transaksi, yang tidak kami kumpulkan). 
Pembaruan pada Pemberitahuan Privasi ini
Kami terkadang memperbarui Pemberitahuan Privasi ini. Jika kami melakukan perubahan besar, seperti cara kami menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda, maka kami akan memberi tahu Anda melalui email atau pesan dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin Anda.
Apa yang ada dalam Pemberitahuan Privasi ini?
Komitmen kami untuk melindungi privasi dan data Anda
Informasi yang kami kumpulkan dan alasannya 
Cara kami menggunakan data yang kami kumpulkan 
Tempat kami memproses data Anda 
Waktu kami membagikan data Anda 
Cara data Anda dicatat pada blockchain publik
Cara kami menggunakan cookie
Seberapa lama kami menyimpan data Anda
Perbedaan Pemberitahuan Privasi ini bagi anak-anak dan remaja
Hak menurut undang-undang yang Anda miliki berdasarkan GDPR
Cara menghubungi kami tentang Pemberitahuan Privasi ini
Komitmen Kami untuk Melindungi Privasi dan Data Anda
Kami sangat berkomitmen untuk melindungi privasi Anda dan mengamankan data Anda. Kami mengakui bahwa kami hanya dapat memenuhi misi kami untuk mendistribusikan token digital kami secara adil kepada sebanyak mungkin orang jika orang memercayai kami, serta keamanan privasi dan data sangat penting untuk mendapatkan kepercayaan Anda.
Privasi
Kami merancang produk dan layanan kami dengan mempertimbangkan privasi Anda. Kami mengumpulkan data untuk meningkatkan produk dan layanan kami. Kami akan selalu memberi tahu Anda, di sini dalam Pemberitahuan Privasi ini atau dalam formulir persetujuan data untuk produk atau layanan tertentu, data yang kami kumpulkan, alasan kami mengumpulkan data tersebut, dan hal yang kami lakukan terhadap data tersebut. 
Keamanan Data
Kami memiliki tim khusus untuk menjaga data Anda dan telah menerapkan pengamanan fisik dan elektronik yang melindungi data Anda baik pada saat transit maupun pada saat istirahat. Pada saat yang sama, tidak ada layanan yang benar-benar aman. Jika Anda memiliki masalah tentang akun atau data Anda, harap hubungi kami melalui Portal Permintaan kami atau kirimkan surat kepada kami melalui Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 AS. 
Informasi yang Kami Kumpulkan dan Alasannya
Data yang Anda Berikan Kepada Kami
Sebagai pengguna, Anda tidak diwajibkan untuk memberikan data untuk mengakses Aplikasi Worldcoin. Namun, Anda mungkin perlu memberikan data tertentu kepada kami untuk menggunakan fitur di dalam Layanan. Dasar hukum untuk pemrosesan dalam kasus di bawah adalah persetujuan pengguna dan pelaksanaan kontrak (komitmen kami untuk menyediakan Layanan). Di bawah adalah daftar data yang dapat Anda berikan dan penggunaan data tersebut oleh kami nama depan dan belakang. Anda dapat memilih untuk memasukkan nama Anda untuk dikaitkan dengan akun Anda. Kami dan pengguna lain dapat melihat nama Anda ketika mereka memilih untuk berinteraksi dengan akun Anda. Kami dapat memerlukan nama Anda saat mengirimkan permintaan subjek data. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah pelaksanaan Layanan berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna.
Sebagai pengguna, Anda tidak diwajibkan untuk memberikan data untuk mengakses Aplikasi Worldcoin. Namun, Anda mungkin perlu memberikan data tertentu kepada kami untuk menggunakan fitur di dalam Layanan. Dasar hukum untuk pemrosesan dalam kasus di bawah adalah persetujuan pengguna dan pelaksanaan kontrak (komitmen kami untuk menyediakan Layanan). Di bawah adalah daftar data yang dapat Anda berikan dan penggunaan data tersebut oleh kami alamat email. Anda dapat memilih untuk memasukkan email Anda untuk dikaitkan dengan akun Anda. Anda juga dapat memberikan email Anda untuk berlangganan milis kami agar tetap aktual dengan proyek Worldcoin. Kami dapat memerlukan email Anda saat mengirimkan permintaan subjek data. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah pelaksanaan Layanan berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna.
Sebagai pengguna, Anda tidak diwajibkan untuk memberikan data untuk mengakses Aplikasi Worldcoin. Namun, Anda mungkin perlu memberikan data tertentu kepada kami untuk menggunakan fitur di dalam Layanan. Dasar hukum untuk pemrosesan dalam kasus di bawah adalah persetujuan pengguna dan pelaksanaan kontrak (komitmen kami untuk menyediakan Layanan). Di bawah adalah daftar data yang dapat Anda berikan dan penggunaan data tersebut oleh kami nomor telepon. Anda dapat memilih untuk memasukkan nomor telepon guna mengaitkannya dengan akun Anda. Dengan izin Anda, pengguna lain mungkin dapat menemukan akun Anda melalui nomor telepon Anda. Kami dapat memerlukan nomor telepon saat Anda mengirimkan permintaan subjek data. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah pelaksanaan Layanan berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna.
Sebagai pengguna, Anda tidak diwajibkan untuk memberikan data untuk mengakses Aplikasi Worldcoin. Namun, Anda mungkin perlu memberikan data tertentu kepada kami untuk menggunakan fitur di dalam Layanan. Dasar hukum untuk pemrosesan dalam kasus di bawah adalah persetujuan pengguna dan pelaksanaan kontrak (komitmen kami untuk menyediakan Layanan). Di bawah adalah daftar data yang dapat Anda berikan dan penggunaan data tersebut oleh kami masukan dan korespondensi dari Anda. Hal tersebut termasuk email, pesan obrolan, atau komunikasi lain yang Anda kirimkan kepada kami melalui email atau situs web media sosial pihak ketiga. Kami dapat menggunakan penyedia layanan pihak ketiga untuk memfasilitasi survei tentang penggunaan Layanan kami oleh Anda. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah pelaksanaan Layanan berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna.
Sebagai pengguna, Anda tidak diwajibkan untuk memberikan data untuk mengakses Aplikasi Worldcoin. Namun, Anda mungkin perlu memberikan data tertentu kepada kami untuk menggunakan fitur di dalam Layanan. Dasar hukum untuk pemrosesan dalam kasus di bawah adalah persetujuan pengguna dan pelaksanaan kontrak (komitmen kami untuk menyediakan Layanan). Di bawah adalah daftar data yang dapat Anda berikan dan penggunaan data tersebut oleh kami kontak buku alamat. Anda dapat memberi Aplikasi Worldcoin akses ke buku alamat Anda untuk mengaktifkan fitur yang memudahkan Anda menemukan dan berinteraksi dengan pengguna lain yang dapat ada dalam buku alamat Anda. Informasi buku alamat tetap berada pada perangkat Anda. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah kepentingan sah subjek yang ditemukan dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin dan kepentingan pengguna yang berbagi untuk menemukan kontaknya dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin.
Harap diperhatikan: Anda bertanggung jawab untuk memastikan bahwa pembagian informasi kontak Anda mematuhi
undang-undang yang berlaku. Dapat mewajibkan Anda untuk mendapatkan izin dari kontak Anda. Anda dapat berubah 
pikiran dan menonaktifkan akses kami ke kontak Anda setiap saat dalam pengaturan perangkat Anda. Jika Anda memutuskan untuk mengimpor kontak buku alamat pada perangkat Anda ke Aplikasi Worldcoin untuk menemukan kontak yang menggunakan Layanan kami atau mengundang mereka untuk bergabung dan menggunakan Layanan kami, kami akan menyinkronkan nomor telepon kontak Anda secara berkala dengan nomor tersebut dan alamat dompet terkait yang diberikan oleh pengguna lain di server kami.
Informasi Lokasi. Anda dapat memutuskan untuk mengaktifkan layanan berbasis lokasi (seperti fitur yang mengizinkan Anda menemukan Operator Orb di dekat Anda). Kami dapat mengumpulkan informasi tentang lokasi Anda melalui GPS, alamat IP, informasi menara sinyal, atau informasi titik akses Wi-Fi. Jenis data lokasi yang dikumpulkan bergantung pada layanan yang Anda gunakan, perangkat yang Anda gunakan (contohnya, Apple atau Android), dan pengaturan perangkat Anda (baik izin diaktifkan atau dinonaktifkan). Anda dapat mengubah izin Anda setiap saat pada pengaturan perangkat Anda. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah kepatuhan terhadap kewajiban hukum.
Data Perusahaan. Jika Anda memiliki hubungan bisnis dengan kami (seperti jika Anda adalah Operator Orb atau pemasok), maka kami dapat memerlukan informasi seperti nama, alamat surat, email, nomor telepon, alamat dompet, dan dokumentasi lainnya (seperti ID pemerintah Anda) sebagai bagian dari upaya melanjutkan hubungan bisnis tersebut dan guna memenuhi kewajiban mengenali pelanggan kami. Kami dapat menggunakan layanan pihak ketiga, seperti Onfido, untuk membantu kami mengumpulkan serta meninjau informasi dan dokumentasi di atas guna memenuhi kewajiban mengenali pelanggan. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah kepatuhan terhadap kewajiban hukum, yaitu kewajiban mengenali pelanggan Anda (know-your customer, KYC) dan kewajiban mengenali bisnis Anda (know-your business, KYB) sebagaimana diwajibkan oleh undang-undang.
Lokapasar P2P. Jika Anda menggunakan Layanan Lokapasar P2P (apabila tersedia) yang mengizinkan Anda untuk membeli token digital dari pengguna lain, maka kami dapat mengumpulkan informasi tambahan seperti alamat dompet Anda, informasi kontak Anda (yaitu, nomor telepon Anda), dan nomor akun Anda yang terkait dengan transaksi (seperti nomor M-PESA Anda). Kami mencatat data transaksi sebagai bagian dari penyediaan Layanan Lokapasar P2P. Kami juga dapat mengumpulkan informasi tambahan untuk mematuhi persyaratan KYC yang berlaku. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah pelaksanaan Layanan berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna dan kepatuhan terhadap kewajiban hukum.
Data aplikasi. Jika Anda ingin bekerja untuk kami, Anda harus mengirimkan lamaran Anda kepada kami yang menyertakan surat lamaran dan CV Anda serta informasi pribadi yang ingin Anda ungkapkan. Dasar hukum untuk memproses adalah langkah-langkah atas permintaan subjek data sebelum menandatangani kontrak.
Data yang Kami Kumpulkan Dari Sumber Pihak Ketiga
Dari waktu ke waktu, kami dapat memperoleh informasi tentang Anda dari sumber pihak ketiga berikut data Blockchain. Kami dapat menganalisis data blockchain publik untuk memastikan para pihak yang memanfaatkan Layanan kami tidak terlibat dalam kegiatan ilegal atau terlarang berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna, dan menganalisis tren transaksi untuk tujuan penelitian dan pengembangan. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah kepatuhan terhadap kewajiban hukum.
Dari waktu ke waktu, kami dapat memperoleh informasi tentang Anda dari sumber pihak ketiga berikut layanan Verifikasi Identitas. Kami dapat memperoleh informasi dari layanan pihak ketiga menggunakan data Anda guna memverifikasi identitas Anda jika diwajibkan oleh undang-undang (seperti persyaratan mengenali pelanggan yang berlaku). Untuk mengklarifikasi, kami tidak menggunakan data biometrik Anda saat kami memverifikasi identitas Anda sebagaimana diwajibkan oleh undang-undang. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah kepatuhan terhadap kewajiban hukum.
Dari waktu ke waktu, kami dapat memperoleh informasi tentang Anda dari sumber pihak ketiga berikut basis data talenta. Kami dapat mengumpulkan data dari berbagai sumber untuk memberikan penawaran pekerjaan kepada individu bertalenta. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data tersebut adalah kepentingan sah. Kepentingan sah yang diupayakan adalah kepentingan kami untuk merekrut individu dan kepentingan individu untuk menerima penawaran pekerjaan yang memerlukan misi menarik dan kompensasi tinggi.
Data yang Kami Kumpulkan secara Otomatis
Jika diizinkan berdasarkan undang-undang yang berlaku, kami dapat mengumpulkan jenis data tertentu secara otomatis saat Anda berinteraksi dengan Layanan kami. Informasi ini membantu kami mengatasi masalah dukungan pelanggan, meningkatkan kinerja Layanan, memberikan pengalaman yang disederhanakan dan disesuaikan kepada Anda, serta mengamankan kredensial Akun Anda. Informasi yang dikumpulkan secara otomatis mencakup pengidentifikasi Online: Perincian geolokasi dan penelusuran (lihat di atas), sistem operasi komputer atau ponsel, nama dan versi peramban web, dan alamat IP. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah kepatuhan terhadap kewajiban hukum (dalam kasus yang sangat terbatas karena data ini juga dimasukkan ke dalam deteksi aliran keuangan ilegal dan penipuan kami) serta pelaksanaan kontrak karena kami ingin memberikan pengalaman perangkat lunak yang stabil dan bebas penipuan.
Jika diizinkan berdasarkan undang-undang yang berlaku, kami dapat mengumpulkan jenis data tertentu secara otomatis saat Anda berinteraksi dengan Layanan kami. Informasi ini membantu kami mengatasi masalah dukungan pelanggan, meningkatkan kinerja Layanan, memberikan pengalaman yang disederhanakan dan disesuaikan kepada Anda, serta mengamankan kredensial Akun Anda. Informasi yang dikumpulkan secara otomatis mencakup data Penggunaan: Data autentikasi, pertanyaan keamanan, dan data lain yang dikumpulkan melalui cookie dan teknologi serupa. Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah pelaksanaan layanan kami berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna.
Jika diizinkan berdasarkan undang-undang yang berlaku, kami dapat mengumpulkan jenis data tertentu secara otomatis saat Anda berinteraksi dengan Layanan kami. Informasi ini membantu kami mengatasi masalah dukungan pelanggan, meningkatkan kinerja Layanan, memberikan pengalaman yang disederhanakan dan disesuaikan kepada Anda, serta mengamankan kredensial Akun Anda. Informasi yang dikumpulkan secara otomatis mencakup cookie: file data kecil yang disimpan di hard drive atau memori dalam perangkat yang membantu kami meningkatkan Layanan kami dan pengalaman Anda, melihat area dan fitur populer dari Layanan kami, serta menghitung kunjungan. Untuk dasar hukum pemrosesan data tersebut, harap baca Kebijakan Cookie kami yang menjelaskan berbagai jenis cookie yang kami gunakan. 
Demikian pula, Aplikasi Worldcoin mengumpulkan informasi untuk pemecahan masalah dan peningkatan. Kami menggunakan layanan pihak ketiga, seperti Segment.io atau PostHog, untuk melihat informasi agregat tentang penggunaan dan interaksi pengguna akhir. Apabila memungkinkan, kami mengambil langkah untuk meminimalkan atau menyembunyikan informasi yang dikirimkan kepada pihak ketiga (seperti penyandian data). Dasar hukum untuk memproses data yang disebutkan di atas adalah kepentingan sah Aplikasi Worldcoin dan situs web yang berfungsi.
Data Anonim dan Agregat
Penganoniman adalah teknik pemrosesan data yang mengubah data pribadi agar data tersebut tidak dapat dikaitkan dengan individu tertentu. Contoh data anonim mencakup data transaksi
Penganoniman adalah teknik pemrosesan data yang mengubah data pribadi agar data tersebut tidak dapat dikaitkan dengan individu tertentu. Contoh data anonim mencakup data aliran klik
Penganoniman adalah teknik pemrosesan data yang mengubah data pribadi agar data tersebut tidak dapat dikaitkan dengan individu tertentu. Contoh data anonim mencakup metrik kinerja
Penganoniman adalah teknik pemrosesan data yang mengubah data pribadi agar data tersebut tidak dapat dikaitkan dengan individu tertentu. Contoh data anonim mencakup indikator penipuan
Kami juga mengagregasikan data, menggabungkan sejumlah besar informasi agar data tersebut tidak lagi mengidentifikasi atau mereferensikan seseorang. Kami menggunakan data anonim atau agregat untuk tujuan bisnis kami, seperti memahami kebutuhan dan perilaku pengguna, meningkatkan Layanan kami, menjalankan inteligensi bisnis dan pemasaran, mendeteksi ancaman keamanan, serta melatih algoritme kami. 
Dasar hukum untuk memproses data yang disebutkan di atas adalah kepentingan sah aplikasi atau situs web yang berfungsi, wawasan bisnis, dan pencegahan penipuan.
Cara Kami Menggunakan Data yang Kami Kumpulkan
Kami harus memiliki alasan yang sah (atau "dasar yang sah untuk pemrosesan") guna menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda. Namun demikian, dalam situasi saat Anda secara wajar mengharapkan kami untuk menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda dan penggunaan informasi tersebut oleh kami sesuai dengan undang-undang yang berlaku, kami tidak meminta izin tegas dari Anda. Kami menggunakan data Anda untuk tujuan berikut untuk menyediakan serta mempertahankan produk dan layanan kami berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna. Layanan ini mencakup aplikasi Worldcoin tempat pengguna dapat mengelola World ID dan token digital mereka serta mempelajari tentang mata uang kripto secara umum dan proyek Worldcoin secara khusus.
Kami harus memiliki alasan yang sah (atau "dasar yang sah untuk pemrosesan") guna menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda. Namun demikian, dalam situasi saat Anda secara wajar mengharapkan kami untuk menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda dan penggunaan informasi tersebut oleh kami sesuai dengan undang-undang yang berlaku, kami tidak meminta izin tegas dari Anda. Kami menggunakan data Anda untuk tujuan berikut untuk menyediakan serta mempertahankan produk dan layanan kami berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna. Layanan ini mencakup aplikasi Operator tempat Operator Orb dapat mengelola dan mengawasi Orb mereka yang dikelola dan statistiknya.
Kami harus memiliki alasan yang sah (atau "dasar yang sah untuk pemrosesan") guna menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda. Namun demikian, dalam situasi saat Anda secara wajar mengharapkan kami untuk menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda dan penggunaan informasi tersebut oleh kami sesuai dengan undang-undang yang berlaku, kami tidak meminta izin tegas dari Anda. Kami menggunakan data Anda untuk tujuan berikut untuk menyediakan serta mempertahankan produk dan layanan kami berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna. Layanan ini mencakup lokapasar P2P tempat kami menghubungkan pengguna dengan agen.
Kami harus memiliki alasan yang sah (atau "dasar yang sah untuk pemrosesan") guna menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda. Namun demikian, dalam situasi saat Anda secara wajar mengharapkan kami untuk menggunakan informasi pribadi Anda dan penggunaan informasi tersebut oleh kami sesuai dengan undang-undang yang berlaku, kami tidak meminta izin tegas dari Anda. Kami menggunakan data Anda untuk tujuan berikut untuk menyediakan serta mempertahankan produk dan layanan kami berdasarkan Ketentuan Pengguna. Layanan ini mencakup dasar hukum untuk semua kasus ini adalah pelaksanaan kontrak, yaitu, Ketentuan Pengguna.
Dasar hukum untuk semua kasus ini adalah pelaksanaan kontrak, yaitu, Ketentuan Pengguna.
Untuk meningkatkan dan mengembangkan produk serta layanan kami, termasuk untuk melakukan debug dan memperbaiki kesalahan dalam Layanan kami. Dasar hukum pemrosesan ini adalah kepentingan sah. Kepentingan yang diupayakan adalah menyediakan pengalaman perangkat lunak dan perangkat keras kami yang stabil dan aman.
Untuk melakukan penelitian ilmu data. Dasar hukum pemrosesan ini adalah kepentingan sah untuk menyediakan pengalaman pengguna yang lebih baik, dukungan yang lebih baik, dan fitur yang lebih berguna dalam Layanan.
Menganalisis penggunaan Layanan kami oleh Anda untuk memberikan dukungan yang lebih baik. Dasar hukum pemrosesan ini adalah kepentingan sah. Kepentingan yang diupayakan adalah memberikan pengalaman yang lebih baik pada perangkat lunak dan perangkat keras kami.
Untuk memungkinkan Anda memublikasikan informasi pada blockchain guna membuktikan keunikan Anda. Dasar hukum pemrosesan ini adalah persetujuan tegas Anda.
Untuk menggunakan alamat dompet Anda guna mengirimkan token digital yang kami dukung. Dasar hukum pemrosesan ini adalah pelaksanaan kontrak, yaitu, Ketentuan Pengguna.
Untuk mematuhi undang-undang yang berlaku seperti undang-undang antipencucian uang dan sanksinya. Mencakup:
Menggunakan alamat IP Anda untuk memblokir individu yang negaranya tidak mengizinkan mereka mengakses Layanan.
Untuk menjawab permintaan subjek data berdasarkan undang-undang perlindungan data yang berlaku seperti permintaan akses atau penghapusan.
Memantau aliran keuangan yang berpotensi melanggar hukum, misalnya dari dompet yang masuk daftar hitam; dan 
Dasar hukum untuk memproses data ini adalah kepatuhan terhadap kewajiban hukum.
Menangani permintaan, keluhan, dan pertanyaan layanan pelanggan Anda. Dasar hukum untuk memproses ini adalah pelaksanaan kontrak, yaitu, Ketentuan Pengguna. 
Menyelesaikan sengketa, memecahkan masalah, dan memberlakukan perjanjian kami dengan Anda, termasuk Pemberitahuan Privasi ini dan Ketentuan Pengguna. Dasar hukum pemrosesan ini adalah pelaksanaan kontrak, yaitu, Ketentuan Pengguna dan kepentingan sah tempat kepentingan yang diupayakan merupakan pembelaan terhadap gugatan hukum; dan
Untuk menghubungi Anda terkait pembaruan Layanan. Dasar hukum pemrosesan ini adalah pelaksanaan kontrak, yaitu, Ketentuan Pengguna.
Tempat Kami Memproses Data Anda
Pengalihan Data.
Saat Anda memberikan data Anda kepada kami, data Anda dapat dialihkan, disimpan, atau diproses di lokasi di luar tempat data Anda awalnya dikumpulkan. Negara tempat data Anda dialihkan, disimpan, atau diproses mungkin tidak memiliki undang-undang perlindungan data yang sama seperti negara tempat Anda pertama kali memberikan data tersebut.
Kami mematuhi prinsip-prinsip yang dinyatakan dalam Peraturan Perlindungan Data Umum (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR) Uni Eropa, bahkan ketika tidak diwajibkan. Contohnya, saat kami bekerja sama dengan pemroses data yang beroperasi di luar Wilayah Ekonomi Eropa (European Economic Area, EEA), kami memastikan bahwa mereka mematuhi GDPR. Kami hanya membagikan data kepada pemroses data di luar EEA jika pengalihan tersebut sah menurut hukum dan jika kami meyakini bahwa pemroses data akan melindungi data Anda sebagaimana diwajibkan berdasarkan undang-undang yang berlaku dan, lebih lanjut, sesuai dengan standar kami. Saat mengalihkan data ke negara yang tidak memiliki keputusan yang memadai, kami menggunakan Klausul Kontrak Standar UE.
Risiko Pengalihan
Di bawah adalah daftar kemungkinan risiko yang dapat timbul jika kami mengalihkan data Anda ke Amerika Serikat, Uni Eropa, atau negara lain. Di bawah kami juga merangkum cara kami menanggulangi risiko masing-masing. 
Meskipun kami mengerahkan segala upaya untuk memastikan subkontraktor kami berkewajiban secara kontraktual untuk melindungi data Anda secara memadai, subkontraktor ini mungkin tidak tunduk pada undang-undang privasi data di negara Anda. Jika subkontraktor tersebut memproses data Anda secara ilegal tanpa izin, maka mungkin sulit untuk memberlakukan hak privasi Anda terhadap subkontraktor tersebut. Kami menanggulangi risiko ini saat kami menutup perjanjian pemrosesan data yang ketat dengan subkontraktor kami yang mewajibkan mereka untuk melindungi data pada tingkat GDPR dan memenuhi permintaan subjek.
Ada kemungkinan bahwa undang-undang privasi data di negara Anda tidak konsisten dengan undang-undang privasi data di A. S. atau di Uni Eropa. Kami selalu mencoba untuk mematuhi standar perlindungan data tertinggi yang kami patuhi. Sejauh ini, kami menemukan bahwa ini adalah GDPR dan memperlakukan semua data seolah-olah diatur oleh GDPR.
Data Anda mungkin akan tunduk pada akses pejabat dan otoritas pemerintah. Dalam kasus tersebut, kami telah berkomitmen untuk menantang permintaan pemerintah yang tidak sah, berlebihan, atau melanggar hukum untuk mengaksesnya di pengadilan. Kami lebih lanjut menggunakan enkripsi canggih untuk menghambat akses tanpa izin. 
Harap diperhatikan bahwa daftar ini mencantumkan beberapa contoh, namun mungkin tidak mencakup semua kemungkinan risiko yang dapat menimpa Anda.
TIDAK ADA TEMUAN KECUKUPAN UNDANG-UNDANG PRIVASI AMERIKA SERIKAT 
Komisi Uni Eropa yang bertanggung jawab untuk membuat penetapan kecukupan atas Undang-Undang Privasi yurisdiksi lain dibandingkan dengan GDPR belum secara positif menetapkan bahwa tingkat perlindungan data pribadi khusus negara di Amerika Serikat, tempat sebagian data Anda diproses, memberikan tingkat perlindungan yang sama seperti Undang-Undang Privasi di Uni Eropa. 
Waktu Kami Membagikan Data Anda 
Kami tidak akan pernah menjual data Anda. 
Saat kami membagikan data Anda di luar organisasi kami, kami akan selalu membagikan data tersebut dengan cara yang aman dan wajar.
Saat kami membagikan data Anda di luar organisasi kami, kami akan selalu mengambil langkah-langkah untuk memastikan data tersebut ditangani dengan cara yang sejalan dengan komitmen kami terhadap privasi Anda; dan
Saat kami membagikan data Anda di luar organisasi kami, kami akan selalu melarang perusahaan lain menggunakan data tersebut untuk tujuan mereka sendiri.
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini dengan Worldcoin Foundation: Data, termasuk informasi pribadi Anda, dapat dibagikan kepada Worldcoin Foundation atau organisasi selanjutnya yang bertanggung jawab untuk mempromosikan dan memajukan misi proyek Worldcoin. 
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini dalam organisasi kami: Kami hanya mengungkapkan data kepada anggota tim kami yang memerlukan akses untuk melaksanakan tugas dan kewajiban mereka. Kami hanya mengungkapkan data sebanyak yang diperlukan untuk melaksanakan tugas dan kewajiban tertentu serta memiliki sistem pengendalian akses yang ketat.
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini kepada vendor dan penyedia layanan di luar organisasi kami: Kami hanya mengungkapkan data kepada penyedia layanan yang layanannya kami andalkan untuk memproses data dan menyediakan Layanan kepada Anda. Kami hanya mengungkapkan data kepada vendor verifikasi identitas jika diwajibkan oleh Hukum (yaitu, persyaratan mengenali pelanggan). 
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini kategori penyedia layanan tersebut adalah:
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia layanan cloud (semua jenis data)
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut manajemen basis data dan infrastruktur 
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut keamanan data 
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut perekrutan
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut komunikasi
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut survei 
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut kYC/KYB, yaitu memeriksa dokumen resmi 
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut manajemen permintaan subjek data 
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut dukungan teknis
Kami membagikan data Anda dengan cara yang terbatas ini penyedia SaaS; kami menggunakan produk SaaS dalam kategori berikut dukungan pengguna 
Dukungan pengguna 
Pakar eksternal
Pengembang perangkat lunak spesialis 
Spesialis hukum
Penasihat pajak 
Bank 
Penyedia layanan pelabelan (hanya dengan perlindungan khusus)
Layanan pemeriksaan latar belakang untuk pelamar dan Operator Orb 
Kepada penegak hukum, pejabat, atau pihak ketiga lainnya: Kami dapat mengungkapkan data Anda untuk mematuhi undang-undang yang berlaku dan menanggapi tuntutan hukum wajib. Kami akan secara saksama mempertimbangkan setiap permintaan untuk menentukan jika permintaan tersebut mematuhi hukum, dan, apabila sesuai, kami dapat menolak permintaan yang tidak sah, terlalu luas, atau melawan hukum. Kami dapat membagikan data pribadi kepada polisi dan otoritas pemerintah lain apabila kami secara wajar meyakini hal tersebut diperlukan demi mematuhi hukum, peraturan, atau proses maupun kewajiban hukum lainnya.
Kami dapat membagikan informasi pribadi Anda jika kami meyakini bahwa tindakan Anda tidak sesuai dengan Ketentuan Pengguna kami, jika kami meyakini bahwa Anda telah melanggar hukum, atau jika kami meyakini hal tersebut diperlukan demi melindungi hak, properti, dan keamanan kami, pengguna kami, khalayak publik, atau lainnya.
Kami dapat membagikan informasi pribadi Anda kepada pengacara kami dan penasihat profesional lainnya apabila diperlukan untuk mendapatkan saran atau melindungi dan mengelola kepentingan bisnis kami.
Kami dapat membagikan informasi pribadi Anda sehubungan dengan, atau selama negosiasi mengenai, merger, penjualan aset perusahaan, pendanaan, atau akuisisi seluruh atau sebagian bisnis kami oleh perusahaan lain.
Data, termasuk informasi pribadi Anda, dapat dibagikan antara dan di antara perusahaan induk, afiliasi, dan anak perusahaan kami saat ini dan mendatang, serta perusahaan yang berada di bawah kendali dan kepemilikan umum lainnya.
Kami dapat membagikan informasi pribadi Anda dengan persetujuan atau arahan Anda.
Cara Data Anda Dicatat dalam Blockchain Publik
Informasi transaksi terkait penggunaan Anda atas Layanan kami dapat dicatat dalam blockchain publik. 
Harap diperhatikan: Blockchain adalah buku besar publik dari transaksi yang disimpan pada jaringan terdesentralisasi yang dioperasikan oleh pihak ketiga yang tidak dikendalikan atau dioperasikan oleh Worldcoin. Karena buku besar blockchain bersifat publik dan tidak dapat diubah, kami tidak dapat menjamin kemampuan untuk mengubah, menghapus, atau mengendalikan pengungkapan data yang diunggah dan disimpan pada blockchain
Cara Kami Menggunakan Cookie
Kami menggunakan cookie untuk membantu Layanan kami bekerja dengan lebih baik. Selain cookie, kami dapat menggunakan teknologi serupa lainnya, seperti penanda web, untuk menelusuri pengguna Layanan kami. Penanda web (juga dikenal sebagai "clear gif"), adalah gambar kecil dengan pengenal unik, yang memiliki fungsi serupa dengan cookie. Kebijakan Cookie kami, digabungkan ke dalam dokumen ini melalui penyebutannya. 
Kami juga menggunakan Google Analytics. Informasi selengkapnya tentang cara Google menggunakan data Anda saat Anda menggunakan situs web dan aplikasi mitranya: website_url_lnk Dengan menggunakan Layanan, Anda menyetujui terhadap penyimpanan dan pengaksesan cookie dan data lain pada komputer atau perangkat seluler Anda oleh kami serta penggunaan Google Analytics oleh kami sehubungan dengan kegiatan tersebut. Harap baca informasi pada tautan yang disediakan sehingga Anda memahami hal yang Anda setujui.
Berapa Lama Kami Menyimpan Data Anda?
Kami menyimpan data Anda selama diperlukan secara wajar untuk menyediakan Layanan kami kepada Anda, memenuhi tujuan bisnis kami yang sah, serta mematuhi kewajiban hukum dan regulasi kami. Jika Anda menutup akun dengan kami, kami akan menghapus data akun Anda dalam waktu satu bulan; jika tidak, kami akan menghapus data akun Anda setelah 2 tahun tidak aktif. Jika diwajibkan oleh undang-undang, kami akan terus menyimpan data pribadi Anda sesuai kebutuhan untuk mematuhi kewajiban hukum dan regulasi kami, termasuk kewajiban pemantauan, deteksi, dan pencegahan penipuan, serta kewajiban pelaporan pajak, akuntansi, dan keuangan. 
Harap diperhatikan: Blockchain adalah jaringan pihak ketiga terdesentralisasi yang tidak dikendalikan atau dioperasikan oleh kami. Karena teknologi blockchain bersifat publik dan tidak dapat diubah, kami tidak dapat mengubah, menghapus, atau mengendalikan pengungkapan data tersebut yang tersimpan pada blockchain.
Perbedaan Pemberitahuan Privasi ini untuk Anak-anak dan Remaja 
Individu berusia di bawah 18 tahun tidak boleh menggunakan Layanan, dan kami tidak secara sengaja mengumpulkan data dari individu yang berusia di bawah 18 tahun. Jika Anda meyakini bahwa anak-anak Anda yang berusia di bawah 18 tahun telah memperoleh akses ke Layanan tanpa izin Anda, harap minta penghapusan data mereka dengan menghubungi kami melalui Portal Permintaan.
Jika kami mengetahui bahwa kami telah mengumpulkan data tentang anak berusia di bawah 18 tahun, kami akan sesegera mungkin menghapus data tersebut. Kami telah mengambil langkah-langkah seperti menerapkan model AI deteksi usia otomatis, instruksi kepada operator, dan konfirmasi mandiri untuk membatasi penggunaan Layanan bagi mereka yang berusia minimal 18 tahun. Kami tidak memasarkan produk atau layanan kepada anak-anak.
Hak menurut undang-undang berdasarkan GDPR
Bagian ini berlaku jika pemrosesan data Anda termasuk dalam lingkup penerapan GDPR (misalnya, jika Anda adalah penduduk Wilayah Ekonomi Eropa). Anda dapat memiliki hak tambahan berdasarkan GDPR sebagaimana tercantum di bawah. Untuk menggunakan hak Anda yang tersedia berdasarkan GDPR, harap hubungi kami di Portal Permintaan.
Anda berhak memperoleh informasi dari kami, setiap saat dan atas permintaan, tentang data pribadi mengenai Anda yang kami proses dalam lingkup Pasal 15 GDPR.
Anda berhak meminta agar kami segera memperbaiki data pribadi mengenai Anda jika tidak benar.
Anda berhak, berdasarkan persyaratan yang dijelaskan dalam Pasal 17 GDPR, meminta agar kami menghapus data pribadi mengenai Anda. Prasyarat ini secara khusus memberikan hak penghapusan jika data pribadi tersebut tidak lagi diperlukan untuk tujuan yang menjadi alasan pengumpulan atau pemrosesannya, serta, dalam hal pemrosesan yang melanggar hukum, terdapat keberatan atau kewajiban untuk menghapus berdasarkan undang-undang Uni Eropa atau undang-undang Negara Bagian Anggota yang berlaku terhadap kami. 
Anda berhak meminta agar kami membatasi pemrosesan sesuai dengan Pasal 18 GDPR. 
Anda berhak menerima dari kami, data pribadi mengenai Anda yang telah Anda berikan kepada kami dalam format yang terstruktur, digunakan secara umum, dan dapat dibaca mesin sesuai dengan Pasal 20 GDPR.
Anda berhak mengajukan keberatan setiap saat, dengan alasan yang berkaitan dengan situasi khusus Anda, terhadap pemrosesan data pribadi mengenai Anda yang dilakukan, antara lain, berdasarkan Pasal 6 kalimat 1 lit. f GDPR, sesuai dengan Pasal 21 GDPR. 
Anda berhak menghubungi otoritas pengawasan yang berwenang saat mengajukan keluhan mengenai pemrosesan data yang dilakukan oleh pengendali. Otoritas pengawasan yang bertanggung jawab adalah: Kantor Pengawasan Perlindungan Data Negara Bagian Bavaria (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
Jika pemrosesan data pribadi didasarkan pada persetujuan Anda, Anda berhak, berdasarkan Pasal 7 GDPR, mencabut persetujuan Anda atas penggunaan data pribadi Anda setiap saat yang berlaku untuk masa mendatang, apabila pencabutan tersebut dapat dinyatakan semudah persetujuan itu sendiri. Harap diperhatikan bahwa pencabutan tersebut hanya berlaku untuk masa mendatang. Pemrosesan yang dilakukan sebelum pencabutan dibuat tidak akan terpengaruh.
Cara Menghubungi kami Tentang Pemberitahuan Privasi ini
Anda dapat memilih untuk menghapus data Anda dari dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin dalam menu Pengaturan. Jika Anda memiliki pertanyaan atau masalah terkait Pemberitahuan Privasi ini, ingin menggunakan hak Anda, atau menghubungi Petugas Perlindungan Data (Data Protection Officer, DPO) kami, harap kirimkan permintaan Anda melalui Portal Permintaan kami atau kirimkan surat kepada kami melalui Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 AS. Kami menanggapi semua permintaan yang diterima dari individu yang ingin menggunakan hak perlindungan data mereka sesuai dengan undang-undang perlindungan data yang berlaku. Anda juga dapat menghapus data Anda dari dalam Aplikasi Worldcoin.
Jika Anda memiliki masalah privasi yang belum terselesaikan atau penggunaan data yang belum ditangani dengan cara yang memuaskan, harap hubungi pengawas perlindungan data di yurisdiksi Anda. Jika Anda tinggal di Uni Eropa, maka Anda dapat menemukan regulator perlindungan data Anda di sini.
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Declaração de Confidencialidade da Tools for Humanity
Obrigado por escolher fazer parte da Comunidade Worldcoin! Worldcoin é um protocolo de código-fonte aberto, apoiado por uma comunidade global de programadores, indivíduos e outros contribuidores.
Esta Declaração de Confidencialidade abrange os dados que nos fornece através da sua utilização dos nossos websites, aplicações ("Aplicação Worldcoin") e outros serviços associados a esta Declaração de Confidencialidade (coletivamente, os "Serviços"). Esta Declaração de Confidencialidade é incorporada e regida pelos Termos e Condições do Utilizador ("Termos do Utilizador"). A Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH EUA"), juntamente com a sua subsidiária alemã Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Alemanha", em conjunto, "TFH" ou "nós", "nos"), está a contribuir para o desenvolvimento inicial e crescimento do protocolo Worldcoin ("Worldcoin").
A Lei da Privacidade do Consumidor da Califórnia, com as alterações que lhe foram introduzidas pela respetiva Lei de Direitos de Privacidade, não se aplica atualmente a nós.
Responsáveis pelo tratamento 
Somos o responsável pelo tratamento de dados de todos os "Dados da Aplicação Worldcoin": Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 EUA.
"Dados da Aplicação Worldcoin" referem-se a todos os dados pessoais recolhidos e tratados através da sua utilização da World App, conforme definido mais adiante na Secção 5 abaixo, exceto quaisquer dados pessoais relacionados com a sua utilização do protocolo da Worldcoin ou dos tokens da Worldcoin (como, por exemplo, o seu endereço de carteira e os dados de transações, que não recolhemos). 
Atualizações desta Declaração de Confidencialidade
Por vezes, atualizamos esta Declaração de Confidencialidade. Se fizermos alterações importantes, tais como a forma como utilizamos a sua informação pessoal, informá-lo-emos através de um e-mail ou de uma mensagem na sua Aplicação Worldcoin.
O que está nesta Declaração de Confidencialidade?
O nosso compromisso em proteger a sua privacidade e dados
Informações que recolhemos e porquê 
Como utilizamos os dados que recolhemos 
Onde tratamos os seus dados 
Quando partilhamos os seus dados 
Como os seus dados são registados na blockchain pública
Como utilizamos cookies
Durante quanto tempo mantemos os seus dados
Como esta Declaração de Confidencialidade difere para crianças e adolescentes
Os direitos legais que tem ao abrigo do RGPD
Como contactar-nos a respeito desta Declaração de Confidencialidade
O nosso compromisso em proteger a sua privacidade e dados
Estamos profundamente empenhados em proteger a sua privacidade e proteger os seus dados. Reconhecemos que só podemos cumprir a nossa missão de distribuir os nossos tokens digitais de forma justa ao maior número de pessoas possível se as pessoas confiarem em nós, e a privacidade e a segurança dos dados são fundamentais para conquistar a sua confiança.
Privacidade
Concebemos os nossos produtos e serviços tendo em mente a sua privacidade. Recolhemos dados para melhorar os nossos produtos e serviços. Iremos sempre informá-lo, aqui nesta Declaração de Confidencialidade ou em formulários de consentimento de dados para produtos ou serviços específicos, que dados estamos a recolher, porque os recolhemos e o que fazemos com eles.
Segurança de dados
Temos uma equipa dedicada para cuidar dos seus dados e implementámos salvaguardas físicas e eletrónicas que protegem os seus dados em trânsito e inativos. Ao mesmo tempo, nenhum serviço pode ser completamente seguro. Se tiver alguma preocupação sobre a sua conta ou os seus dados, contacte-nos, por favor, através do nosso Portal de Solicitações ou escreva-nos para Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 EUA.
Informações que recolhemos e porquê
Dados que nos fornece
Como utilizador, não é obrigado a fornecer quaisquer dados para aceder à Aplicação Worldcoin. No entanto, poderá ter de nos fornecer determinados dados para utilizar uma funcionalidade nos Serviços. Os fundamentos jurídicos para o tratamento dos dados, nos casos abaixo indicados, são o consentimento do utilizador e a execução de um contrato (o nosso compromisso de prestar os Serviços). Abaixo está uma lista de dados que pode fornecer e para que podemos usar os dados nome próprio e apelido. Pode optar por introduzir o seu nome para o associar à sua conta. Nós e outros utilizadores podemos ver o seu nome, quando optam por interagir com a sua conta. Podemos exigir o seu nome quando envia um pedido de titular de dados. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é a execução do Serviço, ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador.
Como utilizador, não é obrigado a fornecer quaisquer dados para aceder à Aplicação Worldcoin. No entanto, poderá ter de nos fornecer determinados dados para utilizar uma funcionalidade nos Serviços. Os fundamentos jurídicos para o tratamento dos dados, nos casos abaixo indicados, são o consentimento do utilizador e a execução de um contrato (o nosso compromisso de prestar os Serviços). Abaixo está uma lista de dados que pode fornecer e para que podemos usar os dados endereço de e-mail. Pode optar por introduzir o seu e-mail para o associar à sua conta. Pode também fornecer o seu e-mail para subscrever a nossa lista de distribuição para se manter atualizado com o projeto Worldcoin. Podemos exigir o seu e-mail quando envia um pedido de titular de dados. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é a execução do Serviço, ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador.
Como utilizador, não é obrigado a fornecer quaisquer dados para aceder à Aplicação Worldcoin. No entanto, poderá ter de nos fornecer determinados dados para utilizar uma funcionalidade nos Serviços. Os fundamentos jurídicos para o tratamento dos dados, nos casos abaixo indicados, são o consentimento do utilizador e a execução de um contrato (o nosso compromisso de prestar os Serviços). Abaixo está uma lista de dados que pode fornecer e para que podemos usar os dados número de telefone. Pode optar por introduzir o seu número de telefone para o associar à sua conta. Com a sua permissão, outros utilizadores poderão encontrar a sua conta através do seu número de telefone. Podemos necessitar de um número de telefone quando envia um pedido de titular de dados. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é a execução do Serviço, ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador.
Como utilizador, não é obrigado a fornecer quaisquer dados para aceder à Aplicação Worldcoin. No entanto, poderá ter de nos fornecer determinados dados para utilizar uma funcionalidade nos Serviços. Os fundamentos jurídicos para o tratamento dos dados, nos casos abaixo indicados, são o consentimento do utilizador e a execução de um contrato (o nosso compromisso de prestar os Serviços). Abaixo está uma lista de dados que pode fornecer e para que podemos usar os dados feedback e correspondência sua. Estes incluem quaisquer e-mails, mensagens de chat ou outras comunicações que nos envie por e-mail ou websites de redes sociais de terceiros. Podemos utilizar um prestador de serviços terceiro para facilitar inquéritos sobre a sua utilização dos nossos Serviços. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é a execução do Serviço, ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador.
Como utilizador, não é obrigado a fornecer quaisquer dados para aceder à Aplicação Worldcoin. No entanto, poderá ter de nos fornecer determinados dados para utilizar uma funcionalidade nos Serviços. Os fundamentos jurídicos para o tratamento dos dados, nos casos abaixo indicados, são o consentimento do utilizador e a execução de um contrato (o nosso compromisso de prestar os Serviços). Abaixo está uma lista de dados que pode fornecer e para que podemos usar os dados contactos do livro de endereços. Pode conceder à Aplicação Worldcoin acesso ao seu livro de endereços, para ativar a funcionalidade que facilita a sua localização e interação com outros utilizadores, que possam estar registados no mesmo. As informações do livro de endereços permanecem no seu dispositivo. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é o interesse legítimo do titular a ser encontrado na Aplicação Worldcoin e o interesse do utilizador que partilha em encontrar os seus contactos na Aplicação Worldcoin.
Tenha em atenção: É responsável por garantir que a partilha das informações dos seus contactos cumpre
as leis aplicáveis. Isto pode exigir que obtenha permissão dos seus contactos'. Pode mudar 
de ideias e desativar o nosso acesso aos seus contactos a qualquer momento nas definições do seu dispositivo. Se optar por importar os contactos do livro de endereços do seu dispositivo para a Aplicação Worldcoin, para saber qual dos seus contactos usa os nossos Serviços ou convidá-los a juntar-se a si usando os nossos Serviços, sincronizaremos periodicamente os seus números de telefone de contacto com esses números e endereços de carteira correspondentes, fornecidos por outros utilizadores, nos nossos servidores.
Informações de localização. Pode decidir ativar um serviço baseado na localização (tal como uma funcionalidade que lhe permite encontrar um Operador Orb perto de si). Podemos recolher informações sobre a sua localização através de GPS, endereço IP, informações sobre torres de comunicações móveis ou informações sobre pontos de acesso Wi-Fi. O tipo de dados de localização recolhidos depende do serviço que está a utilizar, do dispositivo que está a utilizar (por exemplo, Apple ou Android) e das definições do seu dispositivo (quer as permissões estejam ativadas ou desativadas). Pode alterar as suas permissões, em qualquer momento, nas definições do seu dispositivo. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é o cumprimento das obrigações legais.
Dados empresariais. Se tiver uma relação comercial connosco (como, por exemplo, se for um Operador Orb ou um fornecedor), podemos solicitar informações como nomes, endereço postal, e-mail, número de telefone, endereço da carteira e outra documentação (como o seu ID governamental) como parte da promoção dessa relação comercial e para satisfazer as nossas obrigações de conhecer os seus clientes. Podemos utilizar serviços de terceiros, como o Onfido, para nos ajudar a recolher e analisar as informações e documentação acima para satisfazer as obrigações dos seus clientes. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é o cumprimento das obrigações legais, nomeadamente, obrigações de conhecimento do seu cliente e do seu negócio (KYB), conforme exigido por lei.
P2P Marketplace. Se o utilizar os Serviços do P2P Marketplace (quando disponíveis), que lhe permitem comprar tokens digitais de outros utilizadores, podemos recolher informações adicionais, tais como o endereço da carteira, as informações de contacto (i.e., o seu número de telefone) e o número de conta associado à transação (tal como, o seu número M-PESA). Registamos os dados da transação como parte da prestação dos Serviços do P2P Marketplace. Também podemos recolher informações adicionais para cumprir os requisitos KYC aplicáveis. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é a execução dos Serviços, ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador e o cumprimento das obrigações legais.
Dados da aplicação. Se quiser trabalhar para nós, tem de nos enviar a sua candidatura que inclui a sua carta de apresentação e CV, bem como as informações pessoais que pretende divulgar. A base legal do tratamento são os passos a pedido dos titulares dos dados antes de celebrar um contrato.
Dados que recolhemos de fontes terceiras
Ocasionalmente, poderemos obter informações sobre si junto das seguintes fontes terceiras dados de blockchain. Podemos analisar dados de blockchain públicos para garantir que as partes que utilizam os nossos Serviços não estão envolvidas em atividades ilegais ou proibidas ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador, e para analisar tendências de transações para fins de investigação e desenvolvimento. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é o cumprimento das obrigações legais.
Ocasionalmente, poderemos obter informações sobre si junto das seguintes fontes terceiras serviços de verificação de identidade. Podemos obter informações de serviços de terceiros que utilizam os seus dados para verificar a sua identidade, se exigido por lei (tais como requisitos aplicáveis do conhecimento do seu cliente). Para esclarecer, não utilizamos os seus dados biométricos quando verificamos a sua identidade, conforme exigido por lei. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é o cumprimento das obrigações legais.
Ocasionalmente, poderemos obter informações sobre si junto das seguintes fontes terceiras bases de dados de talentos. Podemos recolher dados de várias fontes para fazer ofertas de emprego a indivíduos talentosos. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento desses são interesses legítimos. Os interesses legítimos prosseguidos são o nosso interesse em recrutar indivíduos e o interesse do indivíduo em receber ofertas de emprego que impliquem uma missão emocionante e uma elevada remuneração.
Dados que recolhemos automaticamente
Se permitido pela lei aplicável, podemos recolher determinados tipos de dados automaticamente quando interage com os nossos Serviços. Estas informações ajudam-nos a resolver problemas de apoio ao cliente, melhorar o desempenho dos Serviços, proporcionar-lhe uma experiência simplificada e personalizada e proteger as credenciais da sua Conta. A informação recolhida automaticamente inclui identificadores online: Informações de localização geográfica e de localização (ver acima), sistema operativo de computador ou telemóvel, nome e versão do navegador web e endereços IP. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é o cumprimento de obrigações legais (em casos muito limitados, uma vez que estes dados também são introduzidos no nosso sistema de deteção de fraude e fluxo financeiro ilícito) e a execução do contrato, uma vez que pretendemos proporcionar uma experiência estável e sem fraude do nosso software.
Se permitido pela lei aplicável, podemos recolher determinados tipos de dados automaticamente quando interage com os nossos Serviços. Estas informações ajudam-nos a resolver problemas de apoio ao cliente, melhorar o desempenho dos Serviços, proporcionar-lhe uma experiência simplificada e personalizada e proteger as credenciais da sua Conta. A informação recolhida automaticamente inclui dados de utilização: Dados de autenticação, perguntas de segurança e outros dados recolhidos através de cookies e tecnologias semelhantes. O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento destes dados é a execução do nosso serviço ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador.
Se permitido pela lei aplicável, podemos recolher determinados tipos de dados automaticamente quando interage com os nossos Serviços. Estas informações ajudam-nos a resolver problemas de apoio ao cliente, melhorar o desempenho dos Serviços, proporcionar-lhe uma experiência simplificada e personalizada e proteger as credenciais da sua Conta. A informação recolhida automaticamente inclui cookies: pequenos ficheiros de dados armazenados no seu disco rígido ou na memória do dispositivo, que nos ajudam a melhorar os nossos Serviços e a sua experiência, ver que áreas e funcionalidades dos nossos Serviços são populares e contar visitas. Para conhecer o fundamento jurídico para o tratamento desses dados, consulte, por favor, a nossa Política de Cookies, onde explicamos os diferentes tipos de cookies que estamos a utilizar.
Da mesma forma, a Aplicação Worldcoin recolhe informações para resolução de problemas e melhoria. Utilizamos serviços de terceiros, tais como Segment.io ou PostHog, para visualizar informações agregadas sobre a utilização e interações do utilizador final. Sempre que possível, tomamos medidas para minimizar ou mascarar as informações enviadas a terceiros (como codificar os dados). O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento dos dados acima mencionados é o interesse legítimo de operar a Aplicação Worldcoin e o website.
Dados anonimizados e agregados
A anonimização é uma técnica de processamento de dados que modifica os dados pessoais para que não possam ser associados a um indivíduo específico. Exemplos de dados anonimizados incluem dados da transação
A anonimização é uma técnica de processamento de dados que modifica os dados pessoais para que não possam ser associados a um indivíduo específico. Exemplos de dados anonimizados incluem dados de fluxo de cliques
A anonimização é uma técnica de processamento de dados que modifica os dados pessoais para que não possam ser associados a um indivíduo específico. Exemplos de dados anonimizados incluem métricas de desempenho
A anonimização é uma técnica de processamento de dados que modifica os dados pessoais para que não possam ser associados a um indivíduo específico. Exemplos de dados anonimizados incluem indicadores de fraude
Também agregamos dados, combinando grandes quantidades de informações para que deixem de identificar ou referenciar um indivíduo. Utilizamos dados anonimizados ou agregados para os nossos fins comerciais, tais como compreender as necessidades e comportamentos do utilizador, melhorar os nossos Serviços, realizar inteligência comercial e marketing, detetar ameaças de segurança e treinar os nossos algoritmos. 
O fundamento jurídico para o tratamento dos dados acima mencionados é o interesse legítimo de uma aplicação ou website funcional, visão empresarial e prevenção de fraude.
Como utilizamos os dados que recolhemos
Devemos ter um motivo válido (ou "base legítima para o tratamento") para utilizar as suas informações pessoais. Nos casos em que espera razoavelmente que utilizemos a sua informação pessoal e a nossa utilização dessa informação cumpra as leis aplicáveis, não pedimos a sua autorização expressa. Utilizamos os seus dados para as seguintes finalidades para fornecer e manter os nossos produtos e serviços ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador. Estes serviços incluem a Aplicação Worldcoin onde os utilizadores podem gerir o seu World ID e tokens digitais, bem como aprender sobre criptomoedas em geral e o projeto Worldcoin em particular.
Devemos ter um motivo válido (ou "base legítima para o tratamento") para utilizar as suas informações pessoais. Nos casos em que espera razoavelmente que utilizemos a sua informação pessoal e a nossa utilização dessa informação cumpra as leis aplicáveis, não pedimos a sua autorização expressa. Utilizamos os seus dados para as seguintes finalidades para fornecer e manter os nossos produtos e serviços ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador. Estes serviços incluem a Aplicação Operator onde os Operadores Orb podem gerir e supervisionar os seus Orbs sob gestão e as suas estatísticas.
Devemos ter um motivo válido (ou "base legítima para o tratamento") para utilizar as suas informações pessoais. Nos casos em que espera razoavelmente que utilizemos a sua informação pessoal e a nossa utilização dessa informação cumpra as leis aplicáveis, não pedimos a sua autorização expressa. Utilizamos os seus dados para as seguintes finalidades para fornecer e manter os nossos produtos e serviços ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador. Estes serviços incluem o P2P Marketplace onde ligamos utilizadores a agentes.
Devemos ter um motivo válido (ou "base legítima para o tratamento") para utilizar as suas informações pessoais. Nos casos em que espera razoavelmente que utilizemos a sua informação pessoal e a nossa utilização dessa informação cumpra as leis aplicáveis, não pedimos a sua autorização expressa. Utilizamos os seus dados para as seguintes finalidades para fornecer e manter os nossos produtos e serviços ao abrigo dos Termos do Utilizador. Estes serviços incluem o fundamento jurídico para todos estes casos é a execução de um contrato, nomeadamente, os Termos do Utilizador.
O fundamento jurídico para todos estes casos é a execução de um contrato, nomeadamente, os Termos do Utilizador.
Para melhorar e desenvolver os nossos produtos e serviços, incluindo para detetar e reparar erros nos nossos Serviços. O fundamento jurídico deste tratamento são interesses legítimos. Os interesses pretendidos são proporcionar uma experiência estável e segura do nosso software e hardware.
Para realizar investigação científica de dados. O fundamento jurídico deste tratamento são os interesses legítimos de proporcionar uma melhor experiência ao utilizador, maior apoio e funcionalidades mais úteis nos Serviços.
Para analisar a sua utilização dos nossos Serviços para prestar um melhor apoio. O fundamento jurídico deste tratamento são interesses legítimos. Os interesses pretendidos são proporcionar uma melhor experiência do nosso software e hardware.
Para permitir que publique informações, numa blockchain para provar a sua singularidade. O fundamento jurídico deste tratamento é o seu consentimento explícito.
Para utilizar o endereço da sua carteira para lhe enviar tokens digitais que suportamos. O fundamento jurídico deste tratamento é a execução de um contrato, nomeadamente, os Termos do Utilizador.
Para cumprir a lei aplicável, como a lei de branqueamento de capitais e sanções. Isto implica:
Utilizar o seu endereço IP para bloquear indivíduos cujo país não lhes permite aceder aos Serviços.
Responder a pedidos de titulares de dados ao abrigo das leis de proteção de dados aplicáveis, como pedidos de acesso ou apagamento.
Monitorizar fluxos financeiros potencialmente ilícitos, por exemplo, de carteiras na lista negra; e 
O fundamento jurídico para este tratamento destes dados é o cumprimento das obrigações legais.
Lidar com os seus pedidos de assistência ao cliente, reclamações e questões. O fundamento jurídico para este tratamento é a execução de um contrato, nomeadamente, os Termos do Utilizador.
Para resolver litígios, resolver problemas e aplicar os nossos acordos consigo, incluindo esta Declaração de Confidencialidade e os Termos do Utilizador. O fundamento jurídico deste tratamento é a execução de um contrato, nomeadamente, os Termos do Utilizador e interesses legítimos, em que os interesses pretendidos são a defesa em sede de processos judiciais; e
Contactá-lo relativamente a atualizações aos Serviços. O fundamento jurídico deste tratamento é a execução de um contrato, nomeadamente, os Termos do Utilizador.
Onde tratamos os seus dados
Transferência de dados.
Quando nos fornece os seus dados, estes podem ser transferidos, armazenados ou tratados num local fora do local onde os seus dados foram originalmente recolhidos. O país no qual os seus dados são transferidos, armazenados ou tratados pode não ter as mesmas leis de proteção de dados que o país no qual forneceu inicialmente os dados.
Cumprimos os princípios indicados no Regulamento Geral de Proteção de Dados da União Europeia, mesmo quando não é necessário. Por exemplo, quando trabalhamos com responsáveis pelo tratamento de dados que operam fora do Espaço Económico Europeu (EEE), garantimos que estão em conformidade com o RGPD. Apenas partilhamos dados com responsáveis pelo tratamento de dados fora do EEE se tal transferência for legal e se estivermos confiantes de que o subcontratante protegerá os seus dados conforme exigido pelas leis aplicáveis e, além disso, de acordo com as nossas normas. Ao transferir dados para um país que não tenha uma decisão de adequação, utilizamos as Cláusulas Contratuais-Tipo da UE.
Riscos de transferência
Abaixo encontra-se uma lista de possíveis riscos que podem surgir se transferirmos os seus dados para os Estados Unidos, a União Europeia ou outro país. Abaixo também resumimos como mitigamos os respetivos riscos. 
Embora façamos o possível para garantir que os nossos subcontratantes estão contratualmente obrigados a proteger adequadamente os seus dados, estes subcontratantes podem não estar sujeitos à lei de privacidade de dados do seu país. Se os subcontratantes processarem ilegalmente os seus dados sem autorização, poderá ser difícil reivindicar os seus direitos de privacidade contra esse subcontratante. Mitigamos este risco à medida que celebramos acordos rigorosos de tratamento de dados com os nossos subcontratantes, que os obrigam a proteger os dados a um nível do RGPD e a satisfazer os pedidos dos participantes.
É possível que a legislação em matéria de privacidade de dados no seu país seja inconsistente com a dos EUA ou da UE. Tentamos sempre cumprir as normas mais rigorosas de proteção de dados a que estamos sujeitos. Até agora, descobrimos que isto é RGPD e estamos a tratar todos os dados como se fossem regidos pelo RGPD.
Pode ser possível que os seus dados estejam sujeitos a acesso governamental de funcionários e autoridades. Nesses casos, comprometemo-nos a contestar qualquer pedido governamental inválido, generalizado ou ilegal de acesso em tribunal. Utilizamos ainda encriptação avançada para impedir o acesso não autorizado. 
Tenha em atenção que esta lista contém exemplos, mas pode não incluir todos os riscos possíveis para si.
SEM CORRESPONDÊNCIA DE ADEQUAÇÃO COM A LEI DE PRIVACIDADE DOS ESTADOS UNIDOS 
A Comissão da União Europeia responsável por determinar a adequação da Lei da Privacidade de outras jurisdições em comparação com o RGPD ainda não estabeleceu positivamente que o nível de proteção de dados pessoais específico do país nos Estados Unidos, onde parte dos seus dados é tratada, fornece o mesmo nível de proteção que as Leis da Privacidade na União Europeia. 
Quando partilhamos os seus dados 
Nunca venderemos os seus dados. 
Quando partilhamos os seus dados fora da nossa empresa, iremos sempre partilhar de forma razoavelmente segura.
Quando partilhamos os seus dados fora da nossa empresa, iremos sempre tomar medidas para garantir que são tratados de forma consistente com o nosso compromisso para com a sua privacidade; e
Quando partilhamos os seus dados fora da nossa empresa, iremos sempre proibir que outras empresas os utilizem para os seus próprios fins.
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas com a Worldcoin Foundation: Os dados, incluindo a sua informação pessoal, podem ser partilhados com a Worldcoin Foundation ou com uma entidade subsequente responsável por promover e fomentar a missão do projeto Worldcoin. 
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas dentro da nossa empresa: Apenas divulgamos dados aos membros da nossa equipa, que necessitem de acesso para realizar as suas tarefas e deveres. Apenas divulgamos os dados necessários para realizar tarefas e deveres específicos e temos um sistema de controlo de acesso rigoroso.
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas com fornecedores e prestadores de serviços fora da nossa empresa: Apenas divulgamos dados a prestadores de serviços, em cujos serviços confiamos, para tratar os dados e prestar-lhe os nossos Serviços. Apenas divulgamos dados com fornecedores de verificação de identidade se exigido por Lei (ou seja, requisitos do seu cliente). 
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas as categorias desses prestadores de serviços são:
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas prestadores de serviços em nuvem (todos os tipos de dados)
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias gestão de bases de dados e infraestruturas 
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias segurança de dados 
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias recrutamento
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias comunicação
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias inquéritos 
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias kYC/KYB, ou seja, verificar documentos oficiais 
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias gestão de pedidos de titulares de dados 
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias suporte técnico
Partilhamos os seus dados das seguintes formas limitadas fornecedores SaaS; utilizamos produtos SaaS nas seguintes categorias apoio ao utilizador 
Apoio ao utilizador 
Especialistas externos
Programadores de software especializados 
Especialistas jurídicos
Consultores fiscais 
Bancos 
Prestadores de serviços de rotulagem (apenas sob salvaguardas especiais)
Serviços de verificação de antecedentes para candidatos e Operadores Orb. 
Com agentes da autoridade, funcionários ou outros terceiros: Podemos divulgar os seus dados para cumprir as leis aplicáveis e responder a exigências legais obrigatórias. Consideraremos cuidadosamente cada pedido para determinar se o pedido cumpre a lei e, quando apropriado, podemos contestar pedidos inválidos, excessivos ou ilegais. Podemos partilhar dados pessoais com a polícia e outras autoridades governamentais quando acreditarmos razoavelmente que tal é necessário para cumprir a lei, regulamento ou outro processo ou obrigação legal.
Podemos partilhar a sua informação pessoal se acreditarmos que as suas ações são inconsistentes com os nossos Termos de Utilizador, se acreditarmos que violou a lei ou se acreditarmos que é necessário proteger os nossos direitos, propriedade e segurança, dos nossos utilizadores, do público ou de outrem.
Podemos partilhar as suas informações pessoais com os nossos advogados e outros consultores profissionais, quando necessário, para obter aconselhamento ou de outra forma proteger e gerir os nossos interesses comerciais.
Podemos partilhar as suas informações pessoais no âmbito de ou durante negociações relativas a qualquer fusão, venda de ativos da empresa, financiamento ou aquisição de toda ou parte da nossa atividade por outra empresa.
Os dados, incluindo as suas informações pessoais, podem ser partilhados entre as nossas atuais e futuras empresas-mãe, afiliadas e subsidiárias e outras empresas sob controlo e propriedade comuns.
Podemos partilhar as suas informações pessoais com o seu consentimento ou sob as suas instruções.
Como os seus dados são registados na blockchain pública
As informações de transação relacionadas com a sua utilização dos nossos Serviços podem ser registadas numa blockchain pública. 
Tenha em atenção: As blockchains são livros-razão públicos de transações que são mantidas em redes descentralizadas operadas por terceiros que não são controladas ou operadas pela Worldcoin. Devido à natureza pública e imutável dos livros da blockchain, não podemos garantir a capacidade de alterar, apagar ou controlar a divulgação de dados, que são carregados e armazenados numa blockchain
Como utilizamos cookies
Usamos cookies para ajudar os nossos Serviços a funcionar melhor. Para além dos cookies, poderemos utilizar outras tecnologias semelhantes, como web beacons, para rastrear os utilizadores dos nossos Serviços. Os web beacons (também conhecidos como "clear gifs") são pequenos gráficos com um identificador único, semelhante em função aos cookies. A nossa Política de Cookies, incorporada aqui por referência.
Também utilizamos o Google Analytics. Mais informações sobre como o Google usa os seus dados, quando utiliza os websites e aplicações dos seus parceiros: website_url_lnk Ao usar os Serviços, consente que armazenemos e acedamos a cookies e outros dados no seu computador ou dispositivo móvel e que utilizemos o Google Analytics, no âmbito dessas atividades. Leia as informações na ligação fornecida para compreender o que está a consentir.
Durante quanto tempo mantemos os seus dados?
Conservamos os seus dados durante o tempo razoavelmente necessário para lhe prestar os nossos Serviços, servir os nossos fins comerciais legítimos e cumprir as nossas obrigações legais e regulamentares. Se fechar a sua conta connosco, eliminaremos os seus dados de conta, no prazo de um mês, caso contrário, após 2 anos de inatividade. Se exigido por lei, continuaremos a conservar os seus dados pessoais conforme necessário para cumprir as nossas obrigações legais e regulamentares, incluindo monitorização, deteção e prevenção de fraudes, bem como obrigações fiscais, contabilísticas e financeiras. 
Tenha em atenção: Blockchains são redes descentralizadas de terceiros que não controlamos ou operamos. Devido à natureza pública e imutável da tecnologia blockchain, não podemos alterar, apagar ou controlar a divulgação de dados armazenados em blockchains.
Como esta Declaração de Confidencialidade difere para crianças e adolescentes 
Os indivíduos com idade inferior a 18 anos não estão autorizados a utilizar os Serviços e não recolhemos intencionalmente dados de indivíduos com idade inferior a 18 anos. Se acreditar que o seu filho com menos de 18 anos obteve acesso aos Serviços sem a sua autorização, solicite, por favor, o apagamento dos seus dados contactando-nos através do nosso Portal de Solicitações.
Se soubermos que recolhemos dados sobre uma criança com menos de 18 anos, eliminaremos esses dados o mais rapidamente possível. Tomámos medidas, como a implementação de um modelo de IA de deteção de idade automatizado, instruções para operadores e autoconfirmações, para restringir a utilização dos Serviços a pessoas com, pelo menos, 18 anos de idade. Não comercializamos produtos ou serviços para crianças.
Os direitos estatutários ao abrigo do RGPD
Esta secção aplica-se se o tratamento dos seus dados estiver abrangido pelo âmbito de aplicação do RGPD (por exemplo, se residir no Espaço Económico Europeu). Pode ter direitos adicionais ao abrigo do RGPD, conforme listado abaixo. Para exercer os seus direitos disponíveis ao abrigo do RGPD, contacte-nos, por favor, através do nosso Portal de Solicitações.
Tem o direito de obter da nossa parte, a qualquer momento, mediante pedido, informações sobre os dados pessoais que tratamos a seu respeito, no âmbito do Art. 15 do RGPD.
Tem o direito de exigir que corrijamos imediatamente os dados pessoais que lhe dizem respeito, se estiverem incorretos.
Tem o direito, nas condições descritas no Art. 17 do RGPD, de exigir que eliminemos os dados pessoais que lhe dizem respeito. Estes pré-requisitos preveem, em particular, o direito ao apagamento se os dados pessoais deixarem de ser necessários para as finalidades para as quais foram recolhidos ou tratados, bem como em casos de tratamento ilícito, a existência de uma objeção ou a existência de uma obrigação de apagamento nos termos do direito da União ou do direito do Estado-Membro a que estamos sujeitos. 
Tem o direito de exigir que restrinjamos o tratamento de acordo com o Art. 18 do RGPD. 
Tem o direito de receber de nós os dados pessoais que nos forneceu num formato estruturado, de uso corrente e de leitura automática, de acordo com o Art. 20 do RGPD.
Tem o direito de se opor a qualquer momento, por motivos relacionados com a sua situação particular, ao tratamento de dados pessoais que lhe digam respeito que seja realizado, inter alia, com base na alínea f do RGPD do Artigo 6 da frase 1, de acordo com o RGPD do Artigo 21. 
Tem o direito de contactar a autoridade de controlo competente em caso de reclamações sobre o tratamento de dados realizado pelo responsável pelo tratamento. A autoridade supervisora responsável é: a Secretaria de Estado da Baviera para a Supervisão da Proteção de Dados (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
Se o tratamento de dados pessoais se basear no seu consentimento, tem o direito, ao abrigo do Art. 7 do RGPD, de revogar o seu consentimento para a utilização dos seus dados pessoais a qualquer momento com efeito para o futuro, sendo a revogação tão fácil de declarar como o próprio consentimento. Tenha em atenção que a revogação só entra em vigor no futuro. O tratamento que ocorreu antes da revogação não é afetado.
Como contactar-nos a respeito desta Declaração de Confidencialidade
Pode escolher eliminar os seus dados da Aplicação Worldcoin no menu Definições. Se tiver dúvidas ou preocupações relativamente a esta Declaração de Confidencialidade, se pretender exercer os seus direitos ou contactar o nosso Encarregado da Proteção de Dados (EPD), envie, por favor, o seu pedido através do nosso Portal de Solicitações ou escreva-nos para Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 EUA. Respondemos a todos os pedidos que recebemos de indivíduos que desejam exercer os seus direitos de proteção de dados de acordo com as leis de proteção de dados aplicáveis. Também pode eliminar os seus dados da Aplicação Worldcoin.
Se tiver uma preocupação de privacidade ou utilização de dados não resolvida que não tenhamos tratado de forma satisfatória, contacte o regulador de proteção de dados na sua jurisdição. Se residir na UE, pode encontrar a entidade reguladora de proteção de dados para esta região aqui.
TFHPS20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Ilani ya Faragha ya Tools for Humanity
Asante kwa kuchagua kuwa mmoja wa Jamii ya Worldcoin! Worldcoin ni teknolojia huria, inayoungwa mkono na jamii ya kimataifa ya watengenezezaji programu, watu binafsi, na wachangiaji wengine.
Ilani hii ya Faragha inasimamia data unazotupatia kupitia matumizi yako ya tovuti, programu ("Programu"), mfumo wetu, na pia huduma nyingine zinazohusiana na Ilani hii ya Faragha (kwa pamoja, "Huduma"). Ilani hii ya Faragha imejumuishwa kwenye na inatawaliwa na Sheria na Masharti ya Mtumiaji ("Sheria za Mtumiaji"). Tools for Humanity Corporation ("TFH US"), pamoja na kampuni yake tanzu ya Ujerumani Tools for Humanity GmbH ("TFH Germany"; kwa pamoja, "TFH" au "sisi"), inachangia kwenye utengenezaji wa mwanzo wa mfumo wa Worldcoin ("Worldcoin"). 
Sheria ya Faragha ya Mtumiaji ya California, kama ilivyorekebishwa na Sheria ya Haki za Faragha ya California, kwa sasa haitumiki kwetu.
Wadhibiti 
Sisi ni wadhibiti data wa "Data zote za Programu": Tools for Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. 
"Data za Programu" inamaanisha data zote za kibinafsi zilizokusanywa na kuchakatwa kupitia matumizi yako ya programu ya World App, kama ilivyobainishw zaidi katika Sehemu ya 5 hapa chini, isipokuwa data zozote za kibinafsi zinazohusiana na matumizi yako ya mfumo wa Worldcoin au sarafu za Worldcoin (kama vile anwani yako ya pochi na data za miamala, ambazo hatukusanyi). 
Visasisho vya Ilani hii ya Faragha
Wakati mwingine tunasasisha Ilani hii ya Faragha. Tukifanya mabadiliko makubwa, kama vile jinsi tunavyotumia maelezo yako ya kibinafsi, basi tutakuarifu kupitia barua pepe au ujumbe katika Programu yako.
Nini kiko ndani ya Ilani hii ya Faragha?
Jitihadi zetu za kulinda faragha yako na data zako
Maelezo tunayokusanya na kwa nini 
Jinsi tunavyotumia data tunazokusanya 
Mahali ambako tunasindika data zako 
Wakati ambao tunashiriki data zako 
Jinsi data zako zinavyorekodiwa kwenye blockchain ya umma
Jinsi tunavyotumia kuki
Muda tunaohifadhi data zako
Jinsi Ilani hii ya Faragha ilivyo tofauti kwa watoto na vijana
Haki za kisheria ulizo nazo chini ya GDPR
Jinsi ya kuwasiliana nasi kuhusu Ilani hii ya Faragha
Jitihadi Zetu za Kulinda Faragha yako na Data zako
Tunajitahidi kwa dhati kulinda faragha yako na kulinda data zako. Tunatambua kwamba tunaweza tu kutimiza misheni yetu ya kusambaza sarafu zetu za Kidijitali kwa njia ya haki kwa watu wengi kadri iwezekanavyo ikiwa watu watakuwa na imani nasi, na faragha na usalama wa data ni jambo la msingi ili kupata imani yako.
Usiri
Tumebuni bidhaa na huduma haswa tukijali faragha yako. Tunakusanya data ili kuboresha bidhaa na huduma zetu. Daima tutakueleza, hapa kwenye Kauli hii ya Faragha au katika fomu za idhini ya data za bidhaa na huduma maalum, ni data gani tunazokusanya, na kwa ninitunakusanya data hizo, na tunachofanya na data hizo. 
Usalama wa Data
Tumeteua timu ya kutunza data zako na tumeweka kinga halisia na za kielektroniki zinazolinda data zako zinaposafirishwa na zinapohifadhiwa. Wakati huo huo, hakuna huduma inayoweza kuwa salama kabisa. Ikiwa una wasiwasi zozote kuhusu akaunti yako au data zako, tafadhali wasiliana nasi kupitia Lango letu la Maombi au kwa kututumia barua kwa anwani Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. 
Maelezo Tunayokusanya na Kwa Nini
Data Unazotupatia
Wewe kama mtumiaji, hauhitajiki kupatiana data zozote ili kufikia Programu. Hata hivyo, unaweza kuhitajika kutupatia data fulani ili uweze kutumia kipengele fulani ndani ya Huduma. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata katika matukio yaliyo hapa chini ni idhini ya mtumiaji na utekelezaji wa mkataba (ahadi yetu ya kutoa Huduma). Hapa chini kuna orodha ya data unazoweza kupatiana na tunachoweza kufanya na data hizo jina la kwanza na la mwisho. Unaweza kuchagua kuweka jina lako ili kulihusisha na akaunti yako. Sisi pamoja na watumiaji wengine huenda wakaona jina lako unapoamua kutangamana na akaunti yako. Huenda tukahitaji jina lako unapowasilisha ombi la data za mhusika. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni utekelezaji Huduma chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Wewe kama mtumiaji, hauhitajiki kupatiana data zozote ili kufikia Programu. Hata hivyo, unaweza kuhitajika kutupatia data fulani ili uweze kutumia kipengele fulani ndani ya Huduma. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata katika matukio yaliyo hapa chini ni idhini ya mtumiaji na utekelezaji wa mkataba (ahadi yetu ya kutoa Huduma). Hapa chini kuna orodha ya data unazoweza kupatiana na tunachoweza kufanya na data hizo anwani ya barua pepe. Unaweza kuchagua kuweka anwani yako ya barua pepe ili kuihusisha na akaunti yako. Pia tunaweza kupatiana anwani yako ya barua pepe ili usajilishwe kwenye orodha yeti ya mapasho ili usipitwe na jambo lolote kwenye mradi wa Worldcoin. Huenda tukahitaji anwani yao ya barua pepe unapowasilisha ombi la data za mhusika. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni utekelezaji Huduma chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Wewe kama mtumiaji, hauhitajiki kupatiana data zozote ili kufikia Programu. Hata hivyo, unaweza kuhitajika kutupatia data fulani ili uweze kutumia kipengele fulani ndani ya Huduma. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata katika matukio yaliyo hapa chini ni idhini ya mtumiaji na utekelezaji wa mkataba (ahadi yetu ya kutoa Huduma). Hapa chini kuna orodha ya data unazoweza kupatiana na tunachoweza kufanya na data hizo nambari ya simu. Unaweza kuchagua kuweka nambari yako ya simu ili kuihusisha na akaunti yako. Kwa kibali chako, watumiaji wengine wanaweza kutafuta akaunti yako kwa kutumia nambari yako ya simu. Tunaweza kuhitaji nambari ya simu unapowasilisha ombi la data. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni utekelezaji Huduma chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Wewe kama mtumiaji, hauhitajiki kupatiana data zozote ili kufikia Programu. Hata hivyo, unaweza kuhitajika kutupatia data fulani ili uweze kutumia kipengele fulani ndani ya Huduma. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata katika matukio yaliyo hapa chini ni idhini ya mtumiaji na utekelezaji wa mkataba (ahadi yetu ya kutoa Huduma). Hapa chini kuna orodha ya data unazoweza kupatiana na tunachoweza kufanya na data hizo maoni na mawasiliano kutoka kwako. Hii inajumuisha barua pepe zozote, ujumbe wowote, au mawasiliano mengine yoyote unayotutumia kupitia barua pepe au tovuti za mitandao ya kijamii ya wahusika wengine. Tunaweza kutumia mtoa husuma mwingine ili kuwezesha utafiti kuhusu matumizi yako ya Huduma zetu. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni utekelezaji Huduma chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Wewe kama mtumiaji, hauhitajiki kupatiana data zozote ili kufikia Programu. Hata hivyo, unaweza kuhitajika kutupatia data fulani ili uweze kutumia kipengele fulani ndani ya Huduma. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata katika matukio yaliyo hapa chini ni idhini ya mtumiaji na utekelezaji wa mkataba (ahadi yetu ya kutoa Huduma). Hapa chini kuna orodha ya data unazoweza kupatiana na tunachoweza kufanya na data hizo waasiliani katika kitabu cha anwani. Unaweza kuturuhusu kufikia kitabu chako cha anwani ili kuwezesha kipengele ambacho kinakurahisishia kutafuta na kutangamana na watumiaji wengine ambao huenda wakawa katika kitabu chako cha anwani. Maelezo ya kitabu cha waasiliani yanasali kwenye kifaa chako. Misingi ya kisheria wa kuchakata data hizi ni nia halali ya mhusika kupatikana ndani ya Programu na nia ya mtumiaji aneyeshiriki kupata waasiliani wake ndani ya Programu.
Tafadhali kumbuka: Una jukumu la kuhakikisha kwamba kushiriki maelezo yako ya mawasiliano yanaambatana
na sheria husika. Hii inaweza kukuhitaji kupata kibali cha waasiliani wako. Unaweza kubadili 
uamuzi wako na kuondoa uwezo wetu wa kufikia waasiliani wako wakati wowote katika mipangilio ya kifaa chako. Ukichagua kuleta waasiliani katika kitabu cha anwani cha kifaa chako kwenye Programu ili kujua ni waasiliani wagani wanatumia Huduma zetu au ili kuwaalika wajiunge nawe katika kutumia Huduma zetu, mara kwa mara tutalandanisha nambari za simu za waasiliani wako na nambari hizo na anwani husiani za pochi zilizopatianwa na watumiaji wengine kwenye seva setu.
Maelezo ya Eneo. Unaweza kuamua kuwezesha huduma inayotegemea eneo (kama vile kipengele kinachokuruhusu kumpata Mhudumu wa Orb aliyekaribu nawe). TUnaweza kukusanya maelezo kuhusu eneo lako kupitia GPS, anwani ya IP, maelezo ya mnara wa mitambo ya simu, au maelezo ya kituo cha Wi-Fi. Aina ya maelezo ya eneo yanayokusanywa inalingana na huduma unayotumia, kifaa unachotumia (kwa mfano, Apple au Android), na mipangilio ya kifaa chako (iwe vibali vimewezeshwa au kulemazwa). Unaweza kubadilisha vibali vyako wakati wowote katika mipangilio ya kifaa chako. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni uambatanaji na majukumu ya kisheria.
Data za Biashara. Ikiwa una uhusiano wa kibiashara nasi (kama vile wewe ni Mhudumu wa Orb au mletaji wetu), basi tunaweza kuhitaji maelezo kama vile majina, anwani ya barua, barua pepe, nambari ya simu, anwani ya pochi, na nyaraka zingine (kama vile kitambulisho chako cha serikali) kama sehemu ya kuimarisha uhusiano huo wa kibiashara na ili kutimiza majukumu ya kumjua-mteja-wako. Tunaweza kutumia huduma za wahusika wengine, kama vile Onfido, ili kutusaidia kukusanya na kuhakiki maelezo na nyaraka zilizotajwa hapa juu ili kutimiza majukumu ya kumjua-mteja-wako. Msingi wa kisheria wa kuchakata data hizi ni kuambatana na majukumu ya kisheria, yaani, majukumu ya mjue-mteja-wako (know-your customer, KYC) na jua-biashara-yako (know-your business, KYB) inavyohitajika na sheria.
Soko la P2P. Ikiwa unatumia Huduma za Soko la P2P ambazo zinakuwezesha kununua sarafu za kidijitali kutoka kwa watumiaji wengine, basi tunaweza kuchukua maelezo ya ziada kama vile anwani yako ya pochi, maelezo yako ya mawasiliano, na nambari ya akaunti yako inayohusishwa na muamala (kama vile nambari yako ya M-PESA). Tunarekodi data za muamala kama sehemu ya kutoa Huduma za Soko la P2P. Pia tunaweza kuchukua maelezo ya zaida ili kuambatana na mahitaji husika ya KYC. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni utekelezaji Huduma chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji na kuambatana na majukumu ya kisheria.
Data za utumaji ombi. Ikiwa ungependa kufanya kazi nasi ni lazima ututumie ombi lako linalojumuisha barua ya kujieleza pamoja na CV na vile vile maelezo ya kibinafsi ambayo ungependa kufichua. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata ni hatua zilizoagizwa na wamiliki data kabla ya kuingia katika mkataba.
Data Tunazokusanya Kutoka Kwa Vyanzo Vingine
Mara kwa mara, huenda tukapata maelezo kukuhusu wewe kutoka kwa vyanzo vingine vifuatavyo data za Blockchain. Tunaweza kuchambua data za blockchain ya umma ili kuhakikisha kwamba watu wanaotumia Huduma zetu hawajihusishi katika shughuli haramu au zilizopigwa marufuku chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji, na ili kuchambua mitindo ya miamala kwa madhumuni ya utafiti na utengenezaji. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni uambatanaji na majukumu ya kisheria.
Mara kwa mara, huenda tukapata maelezo kukuhusu wewe kutoka kwa vyanzo vingine vifuatavyo huduma za Uthibitishaji Utambulisho. Tunaweza kupata maelezo kutoka kwa huduma za wahusika wengine kwa kutumia data zako ili kuthibitisha utambulisho wako ikiwa inahitajika na sheria (kama vile mahitaji husika ya kumjua-mteja-wako). Ili kufafanua, hatutumii data zako za bayometriki tunapothibitisha utambulisho wako kama inavyohitajika na sheria. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni uambatanaji na majukumu ya kisheria.
Mara kwa mara, huenda tukapata maelezo kukuhusu wewe kutoka kwa vyanzo vingine vifuatavyo hifadhidata za talanta. Huenda tukakusanya data kutoka kwa vyanzo mbali mbali ili kupeana kazi kwa watu walio na talanta. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizo ni nia halali. Nia halali zinazofikiwa ni nia ya kuwaajiri watu na nia ya watu hao ni kupata ajira zilizo na misheni inayosisimua na iliyo na malipo ya juu.
Data Tunazokusanya Kiotomatiki
Tukiruhusiwa chini ya sheria husika, tunaweza kukusanya aina fulani za data kiotomatiki unapotumia Huduma zetu. Maelezo haya yanatusaidia kuangazia masuala ya uhudumiaji wateja, kuimarisha utendakazi wa Huduma, kukupa huduma fanisi na ya kibinafsi, na ili kulinda maelezo ya kuingia kwenye Akaunti yako. Maelezo yanayokusanya kiotomatiki yanajumuisha vitambulishaji vya Mtandaoni: Maelezo ya eneo la kijiografia (tazama hapa juu), mfumo msingi wa uendeshaji kompyuta au simu tamba, jina na toleo la kivinjari, na anwani za IP. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni kuambatana na majukumu ya kisheria (katika matukio machache sana kwani data hizi pia zinawekwa katika ugunduaji ulaghai na mtiririko wa fedha chafu) na utekelezaji mkataba kwani tungependa kutoa huduma dhabiti na isiyo na ulaghai ya maunzi tepe yetu.
Tukiruhusiwa chini ya sheria husika, tunaweza kukusanya aina fulani za data kiotomatiki unapotumia Huduma zetu. Maelezo haya yanatusaidia kuangazia masuala ya uhudumiaji wateja, kuimarisha utendakazi wa Huduma, kukupa huduma fanisi na ya kibinafsi, na ili kulinda maelezo ya kuingia kwenye Akaunti yako. Maelezo yanayokusanya kiotomatiki yanajumuisha data za Matumizi: Data za uthibitishaji, maswali ya kiusalama, na data nyingine zilizokusanywa kupitia kuki na teknolojia sawa. Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni utekelezaji huduma yetu chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Tukiruhusiwa chini ya sheria husika, tunaweza kukusanya aina fulani za data kiotomatiki unapotumia Huduma zetu. Maelezo haya yanatusaidia kuangazia masuala ya uhudumiaji wateja, kuimarisha utendakazi wa Huduma, kukupa huduma fanisi na ya kibinafsi, na ili kulinda maelezo ya kuingia kwenye Akaunti yako. Maelezo yanayokusanya kiotomatiki yanajumuisha kuki: faili ndogo za data zinazohifadhiwa kwenye hifadhi yako au kwenye kumbukumbu ya kifaa chako zinazotusaidia kuimarisha Huduma zetu na hisia zako, kuona ni maeneo na vipengele gani vya Huduma zetu ni maarufu, na kuhesabu mara unayotembelea Huduma. Ili kupata misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizo tafadhali rejelea Sera yetu ya Kuki ambapo tumeelezea aina tofauti ya kuki tunazotumia. 
Hivyo hivyo, Programu inakusanya maelezo kwa ajili ya usuluhishaji matatizo na uimarishaji. Tunatumia huduma za wahusika wengine, kama vile Segment.io au PostHog, ili kufanya makadirio ya maelezo kuhusu matumizi ya watumiaji. Inapowezekana, tunachukua hatua ili kupunguza au kuficha maelezo yanayotumwa kwa wahusika wengine (kama vile kusimba data). Msingi wa kisheria wa kuchakata data zilizotajwa hapa juu ni nia halali ya kuendesha Programu au tovuti.
Data Bila Utambulisho na Zilizokadiriwa
Uondoaji utambulisho ni mbinu ya kusindika data ambayo hubadilisha data za kibinafsi ili zisiweze kuhusishwa na mtu fulani. Mifano ya data bila utambulisho zinajumuisha data za miamala
Uondoaji utambulisho ni mbinu ya kusindika data ambayo hubadilisha data za kibinafsi ili zisiweze kuhusishwa na mtu fulani. Mifano ya data bila utambulisho zinajumuisha data za ubonyezaji maeneo ya skrini
Uondoaji utambulisho ni mbinu ya kusindika data ambayo hubadilisha data za kibinafsi ili zisiweze kuhusishwa na mtu fulani. Mifano ya data bila utambulisho zinajumuisha metriki za utendakazi
Uondoaji utambulisho ni mbinu ya kusindika data ambayo hubadilisha data za kibinafsi ili zisiweze kuhusishwa na mtu fulani. Mifano ya data bila utambulisho zinajumuisha viashiria ulaghai
Pia tunakadiria data, kwa kuunganisha pamoja viwango vikubwa vya maelezo ili yasimtambulishe tena wala kumrejelea mtu binafsi. Tunaweza kutumia data bila utambulisho au zilizokadiriwa kwa madhumuni yetu ya kibiashara, kama vile kuelewa mahitaji na tabia za watumiaji, kuimarisha Huduma zetu, kufanya shughuli za umaizi na uuzaji wa kibiashara. kugundua hatari za kiusalama, na kufunza teknolojia zetu. 
Msingi wa kisheria wa kuchakata data zilizotajwa hapa juu ni nia halali ya kuwa na programu au tovuti inayofanya kazi, dhana za kibiashara na uzuiaji ulaghai.
Jinsi Tunavyotumia Data Tunazokusanya
Ni lazima tuwe na sababu halali (au "msingi wa kisheria wa kusindika") ya kutumia maelezo yako za kibinafsi. Wakati unatutarajia sisi kutumia maelezo yako ya kibinafsi na matumizi yetu ya maelezo hayo yanaambatana na sheria husika, hatukuombi kibali chako. Tunatumia data zako kwa malengo yafuatayo pekee kutoa na kudumisha bidhaa na huduma zetu chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji. Huduma hizi zinajumuisha programu ambapo watumiaji wanaweza kudhibiti World ID yao na sarafu zake za kidijitali na pia kujifunza kuhusu sarafu za kidijitali kwa ujumla na mradi wa Worldcoin haswa.
Ni lazima tuwe na sababu halali (au "msingi wa kisheria wa kusindika") ya kutumia maelezo yako za kibinafsi. Wakati unatutarajia sisi kutumia maelezo yako ya kibinafsi na matumizi yetu ya maelezo hayo yanaambatana na sheria husika, hatukuombi kibali chako. Tunatumia data zako kwa malengo yafuatayo pekee kutoa na kudumisha bidhaa na huduma zetu chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji. Huduma hizi zinajumuisha programu ya Mhudumu ambapo Wahudumu wa Orb wanaweza kudhibiti na kusimamia vifaa vyao vya Orb na takwimu za vifaa hivyo.
Ni lazima tuwe na sababu halali (au "msingi wa kisheria wa kusindika") ya kutumia maelezo yako za kibinafsi. Wakati unatutarajia sisi kutumia maelezo yako ya kibinafsi na matumizi yetu ya maelezo hayo yanaambatana na sheria husika, hatukuombi kibali chako. Tunatumia data zako kwa malengo yafuatayo pekee kutoa na kudumisha bidhaa na huduma zetu chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji. Huduma hizi zinajumuisha soko la P2P ambapo tunawaunganisha watumiaji pamoja na maajenti.
Ni lazima tuwe na sababu halali (au "msingi wa kisheria wa kusindika") ya kutumia maelezo yako za kibinafsi. Wakati unatutarajia sisi kutumia maelezo yako ya kibinafsi na matumizi yetu ya maelezo hayo yanaambatana na sheria husika, hatukuombi kibali chako. Tunatumia data zako kwa malengo yafuatayo pekee kutoa na kudumisha bidhaa na huduma zetu chini ya Sheria za Mtumiaji. Huduma hizi zinajumuisha misingi ya kisheria ya matukio haya yote ni utekelezaji wa mkataba, yaani, Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Misingi ya kisheria ya matukio haya yote ni utekelezaji wa mkataba, yaani, Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Kuimarisha na kutengeneza bidhaa na huduma zetu, ikijumuisha kuondoa hitilafu na kukarabati kasoro kwenye Huduma zetu. Misingi ya kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni nia halali. Nia zinazofikiwa ni kutoa huduma dhabiti na salama ya mauzi yetu tepe na gumu.
Kufanya utafiti wa sayansi ya data. Misingi ya kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni nia halali za kutoa huduma bora kwa mtumiaji, usaidizi bora zaidi, na vipengele muhimu zaidi katika Huduma.
Kuchambua matumizi yako ya Huduma zetu ili kukupa usaidizi bora. Misingi ya kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni nia halali. Nia zinazofikiwa ni kutoa huduma bora ya mauzi yetu tepe na gumu.
Kukuwezesha kuchapisha maelezo kwenye blockchain ili kuthibitish wewe ni binadamu binafsi. Misingi wa kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni idhini yako ya moja kwa moja.
Kutumia anwani ya pochi lako ili kukutumia sarafu za kidijitali ambazo tunahusika nazo. Misingi ya kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni utekelezaji wa mkataba, yaani, Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Kuambatana na sheria husika kama vile sheria na vikwazo vya dhidi ya uoshaji pesa. Hii inajumuisha:
Kutumia anwani yako ya IP ili kuwazuia watu binafsi kutoka mataifa au nchi zilizopigwa marufuku kutumia Huduma.
Kujibu maombi ya mmiliki data chini ya sheria husika za ulindaji data kama vile maombi ya kufikia au kufuta data.
Kufuatilia mitiririko ya fedha ambazo zinaweza kuwa chafu k.m. anwani zilizowekwa kwenye orodha nyeusi; na 
Misingi ya kisheria ya kuchakata data hizi ni uambatanaji na majukumu ya kisheria.
Kushughulikia maombi ya huduma, malalamishi na maswali yako kama mteja. Misingi ya kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni utekelezaji wa mkataba, yaani, Sheria za Mtumiaji. 
Kusuluhisha migogoro, kutatua masuala, na kutekeleza makubaliano yetu nawe, pamoja na Ilani hii ya Faragha na Sheria za Mtumiaji. Misingi ya kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni utekelezaji wa mkataba, yaani, Sheria za Mtumiaji na nia halali ambapo nia zinazofikiwa ni kujitetea dhidi ya madai ya kisheria; na
Kuwasiliana nawe kuhusu masasisho kwenye Huduma. Misingi ya kisheria ya uchakataji huu ni utekelezaji wa mkataba, yaani, Sheria za Mtumiaji.
Mahali Ambako Tunasindika Data Zako
Utumaji Data.
Unapotupatia data zako, huenda zikatumwa, kuhifadhiwa, au kusindikwa katika eneo nje ya mahali ambako data zako zilikusanywa. Nchi ambako data zako zinatumwa, kuhifadhiwa, au kusindikwa huenda zikawa hazina sheria za ulindaji data ambazo ni sawa na zile za nchi ambako ulikuwa wakati ulipatiana data.
Tunaambatana na misimamo iliyotajwa katika Kanuni Jumla ya Ulinzi wa Data (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR) za Umoja wa ulaya, hata wakati hatuhitajiki. Kwa mfano, wakati tunashirikiana na wasindikaji data wanaoendesha biashara yao nje ya Eneo la kiuchumi la Ulaya (European Economic Area, EEA), tunahakikisha kwamba wanaambatana na GDPR. Tunashiriki tu data na wasindikaji data walio nje ya EEA ikiwa utumaji huo wa data ni wa kisheria na ikiwa tuna imani kwamba msindikaji data huyo atalinda data zako kama inavyohitajika chini ya sheria husika na, aidha, kwa kuambatana na viwango vyetu. Tunapotuma data hadi kwenye nchi ambayo hatuna uamuzi wa utoshelevu, tunatumia EU Standard Contractual Clauses (Vipengee vya Kimkataba vya Kawaida vya EU).
Hatari Zinazoweza Kukumba Utumaji Data
Hapa chini ni orodha ya hatari zinazoweza kutokea tunapotuma data zako hadi Marekani, Umoja wa ulaya, au nchini nyingine. Hapa chini pia tumeweka muhtasari wa jinsi ya kuzuia hatari husika. 
Tunapofanya kadri tuwezayo ili kuhakikisha kwamba wakandarasi wetu wanajukumu kimkataba la kulinda data zako vya kutosha, wakandarasi hawa huenda wasiwe chini ya sheria za faragha ya data za nchi yako. Wakandarasi wakisindika data zako kwa njia isiyo ya kisheria bila idhini, basi huenda ikawa vigumu kudai haki zako za faragha dhidi ya wakandarasi hao. Tunazuia hatari hii kwa kuwa na makubaliano dhabiti ya uchakataji data na wakandarasi wetu ambayo inawabidi kulinda data kwa kiwango cha GDPR na kutimiza maombi ya mhusika.
Kuna uwezekano kwamba sheria ya faragha ya data nchini mwako haiendanishi na sheria za faragha ya data nchini Marekani, au katika EU. Daima tutajaribu kuambatana na kiwango cha juu zaidi cha ulindaji data ambacho tunatumia. Kufikia sasa, tumepata kwamba GDPR inatimizi hitaji hili na tunachukulia data zote ni kama zinatawaliwa na GDPR.
Kuna uwezekano kwamba data zako zitaweza kufikia na maafisa au mamlaka za kiserikali. Katika matukio hayo tumejitayarisha kupinga mahakamani ombi lolote la kiserikali la kufikia data ambalo si halali, linapita mipaka, au si la kisheria. Aidha tunatumia usimbaji wa hali ya juu ili kuzuia ufikiaji bila idhini. 
Tafadhali kumbuka kwamba orodha hii ina mifano, lakini huenda haijajumuisha hatari zote zinazoweza kukukumba.
HAKUNA UPATIKANAJI WA SHERIA YA FARAGHA YA MAREKANI KUTOSHA 
Tume ya Umoja wa Ulaya iliyo na jukumu la kufanya maamuzi kuhusu utoshelevu wa Sheria za Faragha za mamlaka nyingine kwa kulinganisha na GDPR bado haijapata kwamba ulinzi wa data za kibinafsi nchi ya Marekani, ambako baadhi ya data zinachakatwa, unatoa kiwango sawa cha ulinzi kama Sheria za Faragha katika Umoja wa Ulaya. 
Wakati ambao Tunashiriki Data Zako 
Hatutawahi kuuza data zako. 
Wakati ambapo tunashiriki data zako nje ya shirika letu, kila wakati tunazishiriki kwa njia salama.
Wakati ambapo tunashiriki data zako nje ya shirika letu, kila wakati kuchukua hatua kuhakikisha kwamba inashughulikiwa kwa njia ambayo inaendanisha na jitihada zetu kwa faragha yako; na
Wakati ambapo tunashiriki data zako nje ya shirika letu, kila wakati tunazuia kampuni zingine kutozitumia kwa malengo yao binafsi.
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache kushiriki na Worldcoin: Data, ikijumuisha data zako za kibinafsi, zinaweza kushirikiwa na Asasi ya Worlcoin au shirika linalofuatia ambalo lina jukumu la ukuzaji na kuendeleza zaidi misheni ya mradi wa Worldcoin. 
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache kushiriki ndani ya shirika letu: Tunafichua tu data kwa wanatimu wetu ambao wanahitaji kuzifikia ili kuweza kufanya kazi na majukumu yao. Tunafichua tu kiwango cha data ambacho kinahitajika ili kufanya kazi na majukumu fulani na kuwa na mfumo ulio na udhibiti mkali wa ufikiaji.
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache kushiriki na wachuuzi na watoa huduma nje ya Worldcoin: Tunafichua tu data kwa watoa huduma ambao huduma zao tunazitegemea ili kusindika data na kukupa Huduma zetu. Tunafichua tu data kwa wachuuzi wa huduma ya uthibitishaji utambulisho ikiwa inahitajika na Sheria (yaani, mahitaji-ya-kumjua-mteja-wako). 
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache kategoria za watoa huduma hao ni:
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa huduma ya wingu (aina zote za data)
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo menejimenti ya hifadhidata na miundombinu 
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo usalama wa Data 
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo uteuzi
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo mawasiliano
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo utafiti 
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo kYC/KYB yaani. kukagua hati rasmi 
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo menejimenti ya maombi ya data 
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo usaidizi wa kiufundi
Tunashiriki data kwa njia hizi chache watoa bidhaa za SaaS; tunatumia bidhaa za SaaS katika kategoria zifuatazo huduma kwa watumiaji 
Huduma kwa watumiaji 
Wataalamu wa nje
Watengenezaji maunzi tepe maalum 
Wataalamu wa kisheria
Wasgauri wa ushuru 
Benki 
Watoa huduma ya kuweka lebo (chini ya ulinzi maalum pekee)
Huduma za ukaguaji historia za watumaji maombi na Wahudumu wa Orb 
Kushiriki na maafisa wa utekelezaji sheria, maafisa, au wahusika wengine: Tunaweza kufichua data zako ili kuambatana na sheria husika na kutii mahitaji ya lazima ya kisheria. Kwa uangalifu tunazingatia kila ombi ili kubaini kana kwamba ombi hilo linaambatana na sheria na, panapofaa, tunaweza kupinga maombi ambayo si halali, yanayopita mpaka, au yasiyo ya kisheria. Tunaweza kushiriki data za kibinafsi na polisi na mamlaka nyingine za serikali ambapo tunaamini ni muhimu ili kuambatana na sheria, kanuni au mchakato au jukumu nyingine la kisheria.
Tunaweza kushiriki maelezo yako ya kibinafsi ikiwa tunaamini kwamba matendo yako hayaendanishi na Sheria zetu za Mtumiaji, ikiwa tunaamini kwamba umekiuka sheria, au ikiwa tunaamini kwamba ni muhimu ili kulinda haki zetu, mali yetu, na usalama wetu, watumiaji wetu, umma, na wengine.
Tunaweza kushiriki maelezo yako ya kibinafsi na mawakili wetu na washauri wengine wataalamu ambapo ni muhimu ili kupata ushauri au vinginevyo kulinda na kudhibiti bia zetu za kibiashara.
Tunaweza kushiriki maelezo yako ya kibinafsi kuhusiana, au wakati wa majadiliano kuhusiana na, ununuzi wowote, mali ya kampuni kuuzwa, ufadhili, au sehemu ya biashara au biashara yote kununuliwa na kampuni nyingine.
Data, ikijumuisha maelezo yako ya kibinafsi, zinaweza kushirikiwa miongoni mwa kampuni mzazi, washirika, na kampuni tanzu za siku zijazo na kampuni nyingine chini ya udhibiti na umiliki wa pamoja.
Tunaweza kushiriki maelezo yako ya kibinafsi kwa idhini yako au kwa maagizo yako.
Jinsi Data Zako Zinavyorekodiwa kwenye Blockchain ya Umma
Maelezo ya miamala yanayohusiana na matumizi yako ya Huduma zetu yanaweza kurekodiwa katika blockchain ya umma. 
Tafadhali kumbuka: Blockchain ni rekodi ya hadgharani ya miamala ambazo zinadumuishwa kwenye mitandao isiyo na mamlaka kuu inayoendeshwa na wahusika wengine ambayo haidhibitiwi wala kuendeshwa na Worldcoin. Kwa ajili ya hali ya rekodi za blockchain kuwa za umma na zisizoweza kubadilishwa, hatuwezi kutoa hakikisho la uwezo wa kurekebisha, kufuta, wala kudhibiti ufichuaji wa data zilizopkiwa na kuhifadhiwa kwenye blockchain
Jinsi Tunavyotumia Kuki
Tunatumia kuki ili kusaidia Huduma zetu kufanya kazi vyema zaidi. Kando na kuki, tunaweza kutumia teknolojia nyingine sawa na hiyo, kama vile web beacons, ili kuwafuatilia watumiaji wa Huduma zetu. Web beacons, (pia zinaitwa "clear gifs") ni grafiki ndogo sana zilizo na kitambulishi cha kipekee, zilizo na utendaji sawa na kuki. Sera yetu ya Kuki, imejumuishwa hapa kama rejeleo. 
Pia tunatumia huduma ya Google Analytics. Maelezo mengi zaidi kuhusu jinsi Google inavyotumia data zako unapotumia tovuti na programu za wabia wake: website_url_lnk Kwa kutumia Huduma hizi, unatuidhinisha kuhifadhi na kufikia kuki na data nyingine kwenye kompyuta yako au kifaa chako tamba na kutumia huduma ya Google Analytics kuhusiana na shughuli hizo. Tafadhali soma maelezo yaliyo kwenye kiungo kilichopatianwa ili uelewe unachoidhinisha.
Tunahifadhi Data Zako Kwa Muda Gani?
Tunahifadhi data zako kwa muda ambao unahitajika ili kukupa Huduma zetu, kutimiza malengo yetu ya kibiashara, na kuambatana na majukumu yetu ya kisheria na kiudhibiti. Ukifunga akaunti yako, tutafuta data za akaunti yako ndani ya mwezi mmoja; vinginevyo tutafuta data za akaunti yako baada ya miaka 2 ya kukosa shughuli. Ikiwa inahitajika na sheria, tutaendelea kuhifadhi data zako za kibinafsi kadri inavyohitajika ili kuambatana na majukumu yetu ya kisheria na kiudhibiti, pamoja na kufuatilia, kugundua, na kuzuia ulaghai, na pia majukumu ya ripoti za ushuru, uhasibu, na kifedha. 
Tafadhali kumbuka: Blockchain ni mitandao ya wahusika wengine ambayo hatudhibiti wala kuendesha. Kwa ajili ya hali ya teknolojia ya blockchain kuwa ya umma na isiyoweza kubadilishwa, hatuwezi kurekebisha, kufuta, wala kudhibiti ufichuaji wa data zilizohifadhiwa kwenye blockchain.
Jinsi Ilani hii ya Faragha ilivyo Tofauti kwa Watoto na Vijana 
Watu chini ya umri wa miaka 18 hawaruhusiwi kutumia Huduma, na hatukusanyi data kutoka kwa watu walio na umri wa chini ya miaka 18. Ikiwa unaamini kwamba mtoto wako aliye chini ya umri wa miaka 18 amefikia Huduma bila kibali chako, unaweza kuomba data zake kufutwa kwa kuwasiliana nasi kupitia Lango letu la Maombi.
Tukijua kwamba tumekusanya data kumhusu mtoto chini ya umri wa miaka 18, tutafuta data hizo haraka iwezekanavyo. Tumechukua hatua kama vile kuweka teknolojia ya AI ya kugundua umri kiotomatiki, maagizo kwa wahudumu na uthibitisho wa mtu binafsi ili kuwekea vikwazo matumizi ya Huduma kwa watu walio na umri wa angalau miaka 18. Hatutengenezi bidhaa au huduma za sokoni kwa ajili ya watoto.
Haki za kisheria chini ya GDPR
Sehemu hii inatumika ikiwa uchakataji data zako upo chini ya wigo wa matumizi ya GDPR (k.m., ikiwa wewe ni mkaazi katika Eneo la Kiuchumi la Ulaya). Huenda ikawa una haki za ziada chini ya GDPR kama ilivyoorodheshwa hapa chini. Ili kutumia haki zako zinazopatikana chini ya GDPR, tafadhali wasiliana nasi kwenye Lango letu la Maombi.
Una haki ya kupata kutoka kwetu wakati wowote baada ya kutuma ombi maelezo kuhusu data za kibinafso tunazochakata kuhusiana na ndani ya wigo wa Kifungu cha 15 cha GDPR.
Una haki ya kuagiza kwamba mara moja tusahihishe data za kibinafsi zinazokuhusu ikiwa si sahihi.
Una haki, chini ya hali zilizoelezewa katika Kifungu cha 17 cha GDPR, kuagiza kwamba tufute data za kibinafsi zinazokuhusu. Mahitaji haya yanaonyesha haki ya kufutwa ikiwa data za kibinafsi si muhimu tena kwa madhumuni ambao ilifanya zikusanywe au kuchakatwa, na pia katika matukio ya uchakataji usio wa kisheria, uwepo wa pingamizi au uwepo wa jukumu la kufuta chini ya sheria la Umoja au sheria ya Jimbo kwa ambayo tupo chini yake. 
Una haki ya kuagiza kwamba tuwekee vikwazo uchakataji kulingana na Kifungu cha 18 cha GDPR. 
Una haki ya kupokea kutoka kwetu data za kibinafsi zinazokuhusu ambazo umetupatia kwa umbizo sambamba, linalotumika kwa kawaida, na linalosomeka na mashine kulingana na Kifungu cha 20 cha GDPR.
Wakati wowote, kwa misingi inayohusiana na hali yako haswa, una haki ya kupinga usindikaji wa data za kibinafsi zinazokuhusu ambao umefanywa, na kadhalika, kwa misingi ya Kifungu cha 6 sentensi ya 1, eneo la f kwenye GDPR, kulingana na Kifungu cha 21 cha GDPR. 
Una haki ya kuwasiliana na mamlaka adilifu ya usimamizi endapo kutakuwa na malalamishi kuhusu uchakataji data unaofanywa na mdhibiti. Mamlaka ya usimamizi inayowajibika ni: the Bavarian State Office for Data Protection Supervision (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
Ikiwa uchakataji wa data za kibinafsi unategemea idhini yako, una haki chini ya Kifungu cha 7 cha GDPR una haki ya kughairi idhini yako ya matumizi ya data zako za kibinafsi wakati wowote katika siku zijazo, ambapo kughairi huku ni rahisi kufanya kama ilivyo kuwa rahisi kupatiana idhini. Tafadhali kumbuka kwamba kughairi kunaathiri tu siki zijazo. Uchakataji uliofanyika kabla ya kughairi hauathiriki.
Jinsi ya Kuwasiliana Nasi kuhusu Ilani hii ya Faragha
Pia unaweza kuchagua kufuta data zako kutoka kwenye ndani ya Programu chini ya menyu ya Mipangilio. Ikiwa una maswali au wasiwasi zozote kuhusu Ilani hii ya Faragha, ungependa kutumia haki zako, au kuwasiliana na Afisa wa Ulindaji Data, tafadhali wasilisha ombi lako kupitia Lango letu la Maombi au kwa kututumia barua kwa anwani Tools For Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA. Tutajibu maombi yote tunayopokea kutoka kwa watu wanaotaka kutumia haki zao za ulindaji data kulingana na sheria husika za ulindaji data. Pia unaweza kufuta data zako kutoka kwenye ndani ya Programu.
Ikiwa una wasiwasi zozote za faragha au matumizi data ambazo hazijasuluhishwa na ambazo hazikushughulikiwa mpaka ukaridhika, tafadhali wasiliana na mdhibiti ulinzi wa data katika eneo lako. Ikiwa unaishi EU, basi unaweza kupata mdhibiti ulindaji data wako hapa.
TFHPS20230531
Worldcoin Developer Portal Terms
Version 1.1
Effective June 17, 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Worldcoin Developer Portal Terms
Thank you for using the Worldcoin Developer Portal, the Worldcoin APIs, other developer services, and associated software (collectively, "APIs"). By accessing or using our APIs, you are agreeing to the additional terms (collectively with all related policies and guidelines, "Developer Terms") below, incorporated into the Worldcoin User Terms and Conditions at worldcoin.org/tos ("User Terms") by reference. These APIs are provided to you AS-IS with all defects, and no technical or other support is included.
Additionally, we collect additional personal data as part of your participation and usage of the Worldcoin Developer Portal. The type of data and the purposes for which we collect and process the data is stated in Section below and supplements the Worldcoin Privacy Statement at worldcoin.org/privacy-statement ("Privacy Statement"), incorporated herein by reference.
If there is a conflict between these terms and User Terms or the Privacy Statement, then these terms will control for that conflict. You agree to comply with the Developer Terms and that the Developer Terms control your relationship with us. So please read all the Developer Terms carefully.
Account and Registration
Entity Level Acceptance
If you are using the APIs on behalf of an entity, you represent and warrant that you have authority to bind that entity to the Developer Terms and by accepting the Developer Terms, you are doing so on behalf of that entity (and all references to "you" in the Developer Terms refer to that entity).
Registration
In order to access certain APIs you may be required to provide certain information (such as identification or contact details) as part of the registration process for the APIs, or as part of your continued use of the APIs. Any registration information you give to Worldcoin will always be accurate and up to date and you'll inform us promptly of any updates.
Developer Credentials
Developer credentials (such as passwords, keys, and client IDs) are intended to be used by you and identify your API Client. You will keep your credentials confidential and make reasonable efforts to prevent and discourage other API Clients from using your credentials.
Using Our APIs
Permitted Access
You will only access (or attempt to access) an API by the means described in the documentation of that API. If Worldcoin assigns you developer credentials (e.g. client IDs), you must use them with the applicable APIs. You will not misrepresent or mask either your identity or your API Client's identity when using the APIs or developer accounts.
Additional Data 
In addition to the data we collect and process as stated in the Privacy Statement, we collect the following additional data from you: your name and email address,
In addition to the data we collect and process as stated in the Privacy Statement, we collect the following additional data from you: the name of your team, and
In addition to the data we collect and process as stated in the Privacy Statement, we collect the following additional data from you: the names and email addresses of your teammates who will be working with you on the Developer Portal.
We use the data above for the following purposes: we use your name and email to establish the developer account and using the information as a unique identifier
We use the data above for the following purposes: we use the information to provide support to you.
We use the data above for the following purposes: we may contact you regarding your use of the APIs (such as when another developer invites you to join, or when there is a critical security message that you need to know or act on).
We use the data above for the following purposes: when you permit us to do so, we may send you updates, news, and other promotional content related to the APIs.
API Limitations
Worldcoin sets and enforces limits on your use of the APIs (e.g. limiting the number of API requests that you may make or the number of users you may serve), in our sole discretion. You agree to, and will not attempt to circumvent, such limitations documented with each API. Please contact Worldcoin at discord.gg/worldcoin if you would like to use any API beyond these limits.
Open Source Software
Some of the software required by or included in our APIs may be offered under an open source license. Open source software licenses constitute separate written agreements. For certain APIs, open source software is listed in the documentation. To the limited extent the open source software license expressly supersedes the Developer Terms, the open source license instead sets forth your agreement with Worldcoin for the applicable open source software.
Communication with Worldcoin
We may send you certain communications in connection with your use of the APIs. Please review the applicable API documentation for information about opting out of certain types of communication.
Feedback
If you provide feedback or suggestions about our APIs, then we (and those we allow) may use such information without obligation to you.
Non-Exclusivity
The Developer Terms are non-exclusive. You acknowledge that Worldcoin may develop products or services similar to the API Clients or any other products or services.
Your API Clients
Security
The APIs are designed to help you enhance your websites and applications ("API Client"). You will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect user information collected by your API Client, including personal data, from unauthorized access or use and will promptly report to your users any unauthorized access or use of such information to the extent required by applicable law.
Ownership
Worldcoin does not acquire ownership in your API Clients, and by using our APIs, you do not acquire ownership of any rights in our APIs or the data that is accessed through our APIs.
User Privacy
You will comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations including those applying to personal data. You will provide and adhere to a privacy policy for your API Client that clearly and accurately describes to users of your API Client what user information you collect and how you use and share such information with third parties.
Prohibitions 
In addition to the prohibited uses stated in the User Terms, when using the APIs, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to) sublicense an API for use by a third party. Consequently, you will not create an API Client that functions substantially the same as the APIs and offer it for use by third parties.
In addition to the prohibited uses stated in the User Terms, when using the APIs, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to) promote or facilitate unlawful online gambling or disruptive commercial messages or advertisements.
In addition to the prohibited uses stated in the User Terms, when using the APIs, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to) reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code from any API or any related software, except to the extent that this restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law.
In addition to the prohibited uses stated in the User Terms, when using the APIs, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to) use the APIs for any activities where the use or failure of the APIs could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage (such as the operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, or life support systems).
In addition to the prohibited uses stated in the User Terms, when using the APIs, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to) use the APIs to process or store any data that is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations maintained by the U. S. Department of State.
In addition to the prohibited uses stated in the User Terms, when using the APIs, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to) remove, obscure, or alter any Worldcoin terms of service or any links to or notices of those terms.
In addition to the prohibited uses stated in the User Terms, when using the APIs, you may not (or allow those acting on your behalf to) unless otherwise specified in writing by Worldcoin, Worldcoin does not intend use of the APIs to create obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended ("HIPAA"), and makes no representations that the APIs satisfy HIPAA requirements. If you are (or become) a "covered entity" or "business associate" as defined in HIPAA, you will not use the APIs for any purpose or in any manner involving transmitting protected health information to Worldcoin unless you have received prior written consent to such use from Worldcoin.
Content and Content Contribution
Content Accessible Through our APIs
Our APIs contain some third party content (such as text, images, videos, audio, or software). This content is the sole responsibility of the person that makes it available. We may sometimes review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies or the Developer Terms, and we may remove or refuse to display content. Finally, content accessible through our APIs may be subject to intellectual property rights, and, if so, you may not use it unless you are licensed to do so by the owner of that content or are otherwise permitted by law. Your access to the content provided by the API may be restricted, limited, or filtered in accordance with applicable law, regulation, and policy.
Contribution
"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including the API Client and any modifications or additions to an existing work ("Work"), that you submit to the Worldcoin Developer Portal. 
Copyright License to the Contribution
Subject to these Developer Terms, You hereby grant to Worldcoin and to other developers on the Worldcoin Developer Portal a perpetual, worldwide, nonexclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute your Contributions and such derivative works.
Patent License to the Contribution
Subject to these Developer Terms, You hereby grant to Worldcoin and to other developers on the Worldcoin Developer Portal a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Contribution, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by you that are necessarily infringed by the Contribution alone or by combination of the Contribution with the Work to which such Contribution was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under these Terms for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.
Representations and Warranties
You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions, or that your employer has executed a separate contribution license agreement with Worldcoin.
You represent that each of your Contributions is your original creation. You represent that your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.
You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to Worldcoin separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]."
You agree to notify Worldcoin of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.
Prohibitions on Content
Unless expressly permitted by the content owner or by applicable law, you will not, and will not permit your end users or others acting on your behalf to, do the following with content returned from the APIs: scrape, build databases, or otherwise create permanent copies of such content, or keep cached copies longer than permitted by the cache header.
Unless expressly permitted by the content owner or by applicable law, you will not, and will not permit your end users or others acting on your behalf to, do the following with content returned from the APIs: copy, translate, modify, create a derivative work of, sell, lease, lend, convey, distribute, publicly display, or sublicense to any third party.
Unless expressly permitted by the content owner or by applicable law, you will not, and will not permit your end users or others acting on your behalf to, do the following with content returned from the APIs: misrepresent the source or ownership; or
Unless expressly permitted by the content owner or by applicable law, you will not, and will not permit your end users or others acting on your behalf to, do the following with content returned from the APIs: remove, obscure, or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices; or falsify or delete any author attributions, legal notices, or other labels of the origin or source of material.
Brand; Attribution
Brand 
"Brand" is defined as the trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features of each party. Except where expressly stated, the Developer Terms do not grant either party any right, title, or interest in or to the other party's Brand. All use by you of Worldcoin's Brand (including any goodwill associated therewith) will inure to the benefit of Worldcoin.
Attribution
You agree to display any attributions required by Worldcoin as described in the documentation for the API. Worldcoin hereby grants to you a non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, nonexclusive license while the Developer Terms are in effect to display Worldcoin's Brand for the purpose of promoting or advertising that you use the APIs. You must only use the Worldcoin Brand in accordance with the Developer Terms and for the purpose of fulfilling your obligations under this Section. In using Worldcoin's Brand, you must follow the Worldcoin trademark usage guidelines. You understand and agree that Worldcoin has the sole discretion to determine whether your attribution and use of Worldcoin's Brand are in accordance with the above requirements and guidelines.
Promotional and Marketing Use
In the course of promoting, marketing, or demonstrating the APIs you are using and the associated Worldcoin products, Worldcoin may produce and distribute incidental depictions, including screenshots, video, or other content from your API Client, and may use your company or product name. You grant us all necessary rights for the above purposes.
Termination
Termination
You may stop using our APIs at any time with or without notice. Further, if you want to terminate the Developer Terms, you must provide Worldcoin with prior written notice and upon termination, cease your use of the applicable APIs. Worldcoin reserves the right to terminate the Developer Terms with you or discontinue the APIs or any portion or feature or your access thereto for any reason and at any time without liability or other obligation to you.
Your Obligations Post-Termination
Upon any termination of the Developer Terms or discontinuation of your access to an API, you will immediately stop using the API, cease all use of the Worldcoin Brand, and delete any cached or stored content that was permitted by the cache header under Section 5. Worldcoin may independently communicate with any account owner whose accounts are associated with your API Client and developer credentials to provide notice of the termination of your right to use an API.
Surviving Provisions
When the Developer Terms come to an end, those terms that by their nature are intended to continue indefinitely will continue to apply.
Data Collection Agreement
Version 1.4
Effective August 17, 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Data Collection Consent Form
I agree to the following data collection: tools for Humanity Corp and Tools for Humanity GmbH will collect my biometrically usable face and iris images plus machine readable derivatives of these images for the purpose of training machine learning models with that data. You can freely revoke your consent at any time (e.g. by clicking a button in the app).
The details of the data collection will be explained in great detail below. 
We are excited that you want to help us to improve our technology! We develop a proof of uniqueness and humanness (Proof of Personhood) that requires as little data as possible. No passport, no official documents are required. We do not even want to know your name. For this purpose, however, we have to train a Neural Network Model (the "Algorithm") to learn how to differentiate between real humans. This requires a significant amount of training data. If you want to help us with this effort we appreciate your consent to our data collection.
We adhere to the principles of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") for privacy matters. For example, even if your country has data privacy laws that are less protective than the GDPR, we still process your data in accordance with GDPR. We will also only use your data for the purposes stated below in Section 2.2, even if the data privacy laws in your country would not otherwise limit how we use your data.
Background.
The Orb.
To implement secure verification, we have developed a proprietary device called the Orb. It confirms you are a "unique human" without requiring you to provide any identity documentation or other information about who you are. The Orb captures a series of high-resolution images of your eyes (specifically, your irises) and face (both your head and shoulders). We have to collect the images through our device so our Algorithm can be trained on these images.
The Controllers
The joint data controllers are tools for Humanity Corporation, 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA, and
The joint data controllers are tools for Humanity GmbH, Allee am Röthelheimpark 41, 91052 Erlangen, Germany
The details of the joint controllership arrangement are as follows: Tools for Humanity Corporation is primarily responsible for developing, operating, and supporting the Services, including responding to data subject requests and complying with any statutory obligations. Tools for Humanity Corporation is also responsible for the day-to-day business activities such as people operations and recruitment.
TFH Germany is primarily responsible for developing and training the algorithms, building and managing the data flows from the Orb to our servers, and general oversight on the Orbs and the Orb Operators.
To the user, both entities act as a single entity. Users can contact either entity for any processing activity. In the relation to the user both entities declare themselves equally responsible for any activity. 
The data collection 
Currently, we are collecting data from people like you who wish to assist the development of our project. For this purpose we have developed a web application for computers and phones alike that allows you to manage your data (Data Management App). Our Data Management App implements state-of-the-art encryption techniques and follows strict privacy protocols to safeguard your personal information. Your data will be stored in a secure server environment with restricted access, ensuring that only authorized personnel can handle it.
Data Processing.
Data We Collect.
With your consent, we collect the following biometric and personal data using the Orb: images of your irises and your eyes. These images are collected in the visible and near-infrared spectrum.
With your consent, we collect the following biometric and personal data using the Orb: images of your face. These images are also collected in the visible, near-infrared, and far-infrared spectrum. We also collect (3D) depth images. Together these facial images and the iris images are referred to as "Image Data".
With your consent, we collect the following biometric and personal data using the Orb: derivatives of the above data. We use complex state of the art algorithms and our own neural networks to create numerical representations ("Derivatives") of the above images to enable machine comparisons and interactions between them. These derivatives are strings of numbers (g., "10111011100...") that entail the most important features of the images. It is not possible to fully reverse the Derivatives to the original image. Most importantly, we use our custom version of the Daugman Algorithm to calculate such a string of numbers from the iris image ("Iris Code").
With your consent, we collect the following biometric and personal data using the Orb: data from the Data Management App: administrative information. To contact you about the project and to log in to our Data Management App we are collecting the following information: email, First name, Last name, First letter of first name of both parents (to add randomness), year and month of birth and to which version of the consent form you have consented to at which time (timestamp).
With your consent, we collect the following biometric and personal data using the Orb: data from the Data Management App: app metadata. In order to provide our Data Management App where you can administer and delete your data we are collecting Metadata from you that include your screen resolution, operating system, device used, hashed IP address, timestamp.
Important! We are collecting Image Data to train our Algorithm. We do not use the data to know who you are (identification).
The data we collect (described above) may or may not be considered biometric data depending on the applicable laws where you live. However, we treat them as biometric data and handle them with extra security and care. The legal basis to collect the Image Data is your explicit consent. The legal basis to calculate derivatives of the Image Data (like the Iris Code) and actively compare it against our database is your explicit consent.
What We Do with This Data.
We use Data from the Data Management App only for the purpose of providing the Data Management App and to administer our data collection e.g. by contacting you if you have questions about the project, to explain to you what we are doing with your data or to contact you in connection with our project. The legal basis for this is legitimate interest. The legitimate interest pursued is providing an infrastructure for data donations and data collection where users can easily administer their data and withdraw their consent.
With your consent, we use the rest of the above data for the following purposes
Store the Image Data.
Send the Image Data to our team in the European Union.
Use the Image Data to continue developing and improving the software. In detail this means:
Optimizing and improving the IrisCode and Derivatives calculation.
Labeling the collected data.
Developing and training algorithms to recognize, segment and differentiate among images of human irises and faces.
Test the algorithms against the human labeled results.
Developing, training, and testing a system to detect whether a user is a human presenting a real human eye and whether a signup is valid
Developing, training, and testing models that use artificial iris images for further training of algorithms.
Developing, training, and testing models that improve the Orb performance and user experience.
Developing training, and testing models that are able to differentiate between adults and minors to prevent underage users; and
Training and evaluating personnel who work on these systems.
Label your Image Data with the perceived and approximated gender, age range, and skin color to train on algorithmic fairness in light of the diversity in the world. In detail this means:
Detecting and removing bias from our algorithms; and
Training on algorithmic fairness by labeling the approximated gender, age range, and skin color.
Perform a test sign-up with the data. In detail this means:
Calculating Iris Codes.
Comparing your Iris Code against other Iris Codes; and
Security and fraud prevention. This includes:
Detecting whether a user is a living human being which includes checking whether the detected faces temperature matches the range of normal human body temperatures.
Detecting whether a signup shows an unaltered, unobstructed, natural human iris which includes checking whether the face changes during the sign-up; and
Detecting whether the person has already appeared in front of the Orb which includes processing locally stored Derivatives of face images.
We will never sell your data. We will also not use any data listed in this form to track you or to advertise third parties' products to you.
Whom We Share the Data With 
When we share your data outside of TFH, we will always share it in a secure way.
When we share your data outside of TFH, we will always take steps to ensure that it is handled in a manner that is consistent with our commitment to your privacy; and
When we share your data outside of TFH, we will always prohibit other companies from using it for their own purposes.
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways with Worldcoin: We may disclose data with the Worldcoin Foundation or a subsequent non-profit organization responsible for promoting and furthering the mission of the Worldcoin project.
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways within TFH: We only disclose data to our team members who require access in order to perform their tasks and duties. We only disclose as much data as is needed to perform specific tasks and duties and have a system of strict access control.
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways with vendors and service providers outside of TFH: We only disclose data to service providers whose services we rely on in order to process the data and provide our Services to you. We only disclose data with identity verification vendors if required by Law (i.e., know-your-customer requirements).
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways the categories of such service providers are cloud service providers (all data types)
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways the categories of such service providers are saaS providers; we use SaaS products in the following categories: database and infrastructure management
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways the categories of such service providers are saaS providers; we use SaaS products in the following categories: data security
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways the categories of such service providers are saaS providers; we use SaaS products in the following categories: data subject request management
If you enable data custody we do share your data in these limited ways the categories of such service providers are saaS providers; we use SaaS products in the following categories: technical support
Data subject request management
Technical support
External experts
Specialist software developers
Legal specialists
Labeling service providers
We do not share the images or derivatives of the images with anyone not working on the Worldcoin project 
Retention of Data.
We will retain the Image Data until the development and improvement of the algorithm has concluded or as required by law or regulation. In any case, we will delete the Image Data upon your request. Additionally, we commit ourselves to delete all Image Data after a maximum of ten years after collection albeit the development of the algorithm and the concomitant deletion of all Image Data will very likely be concluded earlier.
International Data Transfer
We will transfer your data to the European Union. Our legal basis for this are existing mutual adequacy decisions finding the level of data protection in the EU to be equal to the level in the UK.
Withdrawing your Consent
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the Tools for Humanity Request Portal or Tools for Humanity Corp., 548 Market Street, PMB 49951, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA
You can also delete your data from within the App under the Settings menu. If you withdraw your consent, then we will no longer use your data for the purposes stated above. 
Statutory rights 
To exercise your rights please contact us at our Request Portal. Apart from exceptional cases, we will resolve your request within the statutory deadline of one month. The following list explains the most important statutory rights you have regarding your personal data.
You have the right to obtain from us at any time upon request information about the personal data we process concerning you within the scope of Art. 15 GDPR.
You have the right to demand that we immediately correct the personal data concerning you if it is incorrect.
You have the right, under the conditions described in Art. 17 GDPR, to demand that we delete the personal data concerning you. These prerequisites provide in particular for a right to erasure if the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, as well as in cases of unlawful processing, the existence of an objection or the existence of an obligation to erase under Union law or the law of the Member State to which we are subject. 
You have the right to demand that we restrict processing in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR. 
You have the right to receive from us the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR.
You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is carried out, inter alia, on the basis of Article 6 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, in accordance with Article 21 GDPR. 
You have the right to contact the competent supervisory authority in the event of complaints about the data processing carried out by the controller. The responsible supervisory authority is: the Bavarian State Office for Data Protection Supervision (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutz).
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you are entitled under Art. 7 GDPR to revoke your consent to the use of your personal data at any time with effect for the future, whereby the revocation is just as easy to declare as the consent itself. Please note that the revocation only takes effect for the future. Processing that took place before the revocation is not affected.
DCCF20230629
Cookie Policy
Version 1.7
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Tools for Humanity Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how we, Tools for Humanity Corporation and its affiliates (collectively "we", "our", "us", or "TFH"), use cookies and similar technologies, like web beacons, to track the online movement of our users when they visit our websites and other Services. A web beacon is a technique used on web pages to unobtrusively (usually invisibly) allow checking that a user has accessed some content. This Cookie Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Tools for Humanity Privacy Notice.
Depending on which of our websites you are visiting, we are using different cookies. We apply techniques of pseudonymisation to all cookies to ensure users' privacy. 
We use the following types of cookies: strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the Services to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as logging in or filling in forms. These also include cookies we may rely on for fraud prevention. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some of the Services may not work. The legal basis for using Strictly Necessary Cookies is legitimate interest. The legitimate interest pursued is providing free information online to people who freely decide to visit that website which would not work without Strictly Necessary Cookies.
Performance/Analytics Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Services. They help us understand page popularity and visitors' movement around the Services. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have used our Services and will not be able to monitor performance. The legal basis for using Performance/Analytics Cookies is the user's consent. Your consent can be freely withdrawn at any time. 
Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow us to remember the choices you make and to tailor our Services so we can provide relevant content to you. For example, a functionality cookie can remember your preferences (e.g., country or language selection), or your username. The legal basis for using Functionality Cookies is the user's consent. Your consent can be freely withdrawn at any time. 
Here is a list of the cookies we use for different parts of the website website
Cookies used 
toolsforhumanity.com
On the toolsforhumanity.com website we are using Strictly Necessary Cookies and optional Performance/ Analytics Cookies (one cookie of each category). We only use analytics to improve our product. We do not use your data to sell it for third parties' advertising. 
We and our third-party service providers employ web beacons for the reasons stated below, but primarily to help us better manage content on our Services by informing us which content is effective.
Together, these tools allow us to perform website analytics.
Together, these tools allow us to prevent fraud and prevent attacks against our websites and Services; and
We use cookies and trackers to assign you a unique identifier so we can record websites you visit
We use cookies and trackers to assign you a unique identifier so we can record your IP Address
You can block cookies at any time using your web browser settings, but doing so may limit your browsing experience and your ability to use certain features of the Services. 
HOW LONG WILL COOKIES STAY ON MY BROWSING DEVICE?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your browsing device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you close your browser. Persistent cookies stay on your browsing device until they expire or are deleted.
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
You have the right to decide whether to accept cookies that are not Strictly Necessary Cookies. 
You can also choose how cookies (across all websites) are handled on your device via your browser settings including blocking or deleting all cookies or just third-party cookies. Each browser manufacturer is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit aboutads.info/choices/ or youronlinechoices.com. 
Do Not Track: Some Internet browsers, like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari, include the ability to transmit "Do Not Track" or "DNT" signals. Since uniform standards for "DNT" signals have not been adopted, our Sites do not currently process or respond to "DNT" signals. 
WILL THIS COOKIE POLICY BE UPDATED?
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make any updates, then you will be notified when you first visit our website after the change. You can also revisit this page if you wish to keep yourself informed.
TFHCP20221214
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Cookie-Richtlinie von Tools for Humanity
In dieser Cookie-Richtlinie wird erläutert, wie wir, die Tools for Humanity Corporation und ihre verbundenen Unternehmen (zusammen "wir", "unser", "uns" oder "TFH"), Cookies und ähnliche Technologien wie Web-Beacons verwenden, um die Online-Bewegung unserer Benutzer zu verfolgen, wenn sie unsere Websites und andere Dienste besuchen. Ein Web-Beacon ist eine Technik, die auf Webseiten verwendet wird, um unauffällig (normalerweise unsichtbar) zu überprüfen, ob ein Benutzer auf bestimmte Inhalte zugegriffen hat. Diese Cookie-Richtlinie wird in die Datenschutzerklärung von Tools for Humanity aufgenommen und unterliegt dieser.
Je nachdem, welche unserer Websites Sie besuchen, verwenden wir unterschiedliche Cookies. Wir wenden Techniken zur Pseudonymisierung für alle Cookies an, um die Privatsphäre der Benutzer zu gewährleisten. 
Wir verwenden die folgenden Arten von Cookies unbedingt notwendige Cookies: Diese Cookies sind für das Funktionieren der Dienste erforderlich und können in unseren Systemen nicht ausgeschaltet werden. Sie werden in der Regel nur als Reaktion auf Handlungen Ihrerseits gespeichert, die einer Anfrage nach Diensten gleichkommen, wie z. das Einloggen oder das Ausfüllen von Formularen. Dazu gehören auch Cookies, die wir zur Betrugsprävention einsetzen. Sie können Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass er diese Cookies blockiert oder Sie vor ihnen warnt, aber einige der Dienste funktionieren dann möglicherweise nicht. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verwendung von unbedingt notwendigen Cookies ist ein berechtigtes Interesse. Das verfolgte berechtigte Interesse besteht darin, Personen, die sich frei entscheiden, eine Website zu besuchen, die ohne unbedingt notwendige Cookies nicht funktionieren würde, online kostenlose Informationen bereitzustellen. 
Wir verwenden die folgenden Arten von Cookies leistungs-/Analyse-Cookies: Diese Cookies ermöglichen es uns, Besuche und Datenverkehrsquellen zu zählen, damit wir die Leistung unserer Dienste messen und verbessern können. Sie helfen uns, die Beliebtheit einer Seite und die Bewegung der Besucher in Bezug auf die Dienste zu verstehen. Alle Informationen, die diese Cookies erheben, sind aggregiert und daher anonym. Wenn Sie diese Cookies nicht zulassen, wissen wir nicht, wann Sie unsere Dienste genutzt haben, und können deren Leistung nicht überwachen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verwendung von Leistungs-/Analyse-Cookies ist die Einwilligung des Benutzers. Ihre Einwilligung kann jederzeit frei widerrufen werden.
Wir verwenden die folgenden Arten von Cookies funktionalitäts-Cookies: Diese Cookies ermöglichen es uns, die von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen zu speichern und unsere Dienste so zu gestalten, dass wir Ihnen relevante Inhalte anbieten können. Ein Funktionalitäts-Cookie kann beispielsweise Ihre Präferenzen (z. Land oder Sprache) oder Ihren Benutzernamen speichern. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verwendung von Funktionalitäts-Cookies ist die Einwilligung des Benutzers. Ihre Einwilligung kann jederzeit frei widerrufen werden.
Hier ist eine Liste der Cookies, die wir für verschiedene Teile der Website verwenden website
Verwendete Cookies 
toolsforhumanity.com
Auf der Website toolsforhumanity.com verwenden wir nur unbedingt notwendige Cookies. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten nicht, um sie für Werbung Dritter zu verkaufen. 
TFH Orb Operator Portal
Auf dem TFH Orb Operator Portal verwenden wir unbedingt notwendige Cookies, optionale Funktionalitäts-Cookies und Leistungs-/Analyse-Cookies. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten nicht, um sie für Werbung Dritter zu verkaufen. 
Wir und unsere Drittanbieter setzen Web-Beacons aus den unten genannten Gründen ein, in erster Linie jedoch, damit sie uns dabei helfen, Inhalte in unseren Diensten besser zu verwalten, indem sie uns mitteilen, welche Inhalte wirksam sind.
Gemeinsam ermöglichen uns diese Tools website-Analysen durchführen.
Gemeinsam ermöglichen uns diese Tools betrug zu verhindern und Angriffe auf unsere Websites und Dienste zu unterbinden und
Wir verwenden Cookies und Tracker, um Ihnen einen eindeutige Identifikator zuzuweisen, damit wir folgende Informationen aufzeichnen können websites, die Sie besuchen
Wir verwenden Cookies und Tracker, um Ihnen einen eindeutige Identifikator zuzuweisen, damit wir folgende Informationen aufzeichnen können ihre IP-Adresse
Sie können Cookies jederzeit über die Einstellungen Ihres Webbrowsers blockieren, aber dies kann Ihr Surferlebnis und die Möglichkeit, bestimmte Funktionen der Dienste zu nutzen, einschränken. 
WIE LANGE BLEIBEN COOKIES AUF MEINEM BROWSER-GERÄT?
Wie lange ein Cookie auf Ihrem Browser-Gerät bleibt, hängt davon ab, ob es sich um ein "dauerhaftes" oder ein "Sitzungs"-Cookie handelt. Sitzungscookies bleiben nur auf Ihrem Gerät, bis Sie Ihren Browser schließen. Dauerhafte Cookies bleiben auf Ihrem Browser-Gerät, bis sie ablaufen oder gelöscht werden.
WIE MAN COOKIES UND ÄHNLICHE TECHNOLOGIEN VERWALTET
Sie haben das Recht zu entscheiden, ob Sie Cookies akzeptieren, die keine unbedingt notwendigen Cookies sind. 
Sie können über Ihre Browsereinstellungen auch auswählen, wie Cookies (über alle Websites hinweg) auf Ihrem Gerät gehandhabt werden, einschließlich der Blockierung oder Löschung aller Cookies oder nur Cookies Dritter. Jeder Browser-Hersteller ist anders. Prüfen Sie also in Ihrem Browser den Menüpunkt "Hilfe", um zu erfahren, wie Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen ändern können.
Darüber hinaus bieten Ihnen die meisten Werbenetzwerke die Möglichkeit, gezielte Werbung abzulehnen. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen wünschen, besuchen Sie bitte aboutads.info/choices/ oder youronlinechoices.com.
Nicht verfolgen: Einige Internet-Browser, wie Internet Explorer, Firefox und Safari, bieten die Möglichkeit, "Do Not Track"- oder "DNT"-Signale zu übertragen. Da keine einheitlichen Standards für "DNT"-Signale bestehen, bearbeiten oder reagieren unsere Websites derzeit nicht auf "DNT"-Signale. 
WIRD DIESE COOKIE-RICHTLINIE AKTUALISIERT?
Wir können diese Cookie-Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisieren, um beispielsweise Änderungen an den von uns verwendeten Cookies widerzuspiegeln oder aus anderen betrieblichen, rechtlichen oder regulatorischen Gründen. Wenn wir Aktualisierungen vornehmen, werden Sie benachrichtigt, wenn Sie unsere Website nach der Änderung zum ersten Mal besuchen. Sie können diese Seite auch erneut aufrufen, wenn Sie auf dem Laufenden bleiben möchten.
TFHCP20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Política de cookies de Tools for Humanity
Esta Política de cookies explica cómo nosotros, Tools for Humanity Corporation y sus afiliados (colectivamente, "nosotros", "nuestro", "nos" o "TFH"), utilizan cookies y tecnologías similares, como balizas web, para rastrear el movimiento en línea de nuestros usuarios cuando visitan nuestros sitios web y otros Servicios, incluido worldcoin.org. Una baliza web es una técnica utilizada en las páginas web para permitir de forma discreta (normalmente invisible) comprobar que un usuario ha accedido a algún contenido. Esta Política de cookies está incorporada y sujeta a la Declaración de privacidad de Tools for Humanity.
Dependiendo de cuál de nuestros sitios web visite, utilizamos diferentes cookies. Aplicamos técnicas de seudonimización a todas las cookies para garantizar la privacidad de los usuarios. 
Utilizamos los siguientes tipos de cookies cookies estrictamente necesarias:Estas cookies son necesarias para que funcionen los Servicios y no se pueden desactivar en nuestros sistemas. Por lo general, solo se establecen en respuesta a acciones realizadas por usted que equivalen a una solicitud de servicios, como iniciar sesión o completar formularios. Estos también incluyen cookies en las que podemos confiar para la prevención del fraude. Puede configurar su navegador para que bloquee o le avise sobre estas cookies, pero es posible que algunos de los Servicios no funcionen. La base legal para el uso de Cookies estrictamente necesarias es el interés legítimo. El interés legítimo que se persigue es proporcionar información gratuita en línea a las personas que libremente deciden visitar ese sitio web que no funcionaría sin las Cookies estrictamente necesarias. 
Utilizamos los siguientes tipos de cookies cookies de rendimiento/análisis: Estas cookies nos permiten contar las visitas y las fuentes de tráfico para que podamos medir y mejorar el rendimiento de nuestros Servicios. Nos ayudan a comprender la popularidad de la página y el movimiento de los visitantes en torno a los Servicios. Toda la información que recopilan estas cookies se agrega y, por lo tanto, es anónima. Si no permite estas cookies, no sabremos cuándo ha utilizado nuestros Servicios y no podremos controlar el rendimiento. La base legal para el uso de Cookies de rendimiento/analíticas es el consentimiento del usuario. Su consentimiento puede retirarse libremente en cualquier momento.
Utilizamos los siguientes tipos de cookies cookies de funcionalidad: Estas cookies nos permiten recordar las elecciones que realiza y adaptar nuestros Servicios para que podamos proporcionarle contenido relevante. Por ejemplo, una cookie de funcionalidad puede recordar sus preferencias (p. ej., selección de país o idioma) o su nombre de usuario. La base legal para el uso de Cookies de funcionalidad es el consentimiento del usuario. Su consentimiento puede retirarse libremente en cualquier momento.
Aquí hay una lista de las cookies que utilizamos para diferentes partes del sitio web sitio web
Cookies utilizadas 
toolsforhumanity.com
En el sitio web toolsforhumanity.com solo utilizamos cookies estrictamente necesarias. No utilizamos sus datos para venderlos para publicidad de terceros. 
Portal del operador de Orb de TFH
En el Portal del operador de Orb de TFH, utilizamos cookies estrictamente necesarias, cookies de funcionalidad opcionales y cookies de rendimiento/análisis. No utilizamos sus datos para venderlos para publicidad de terceros. 
Nosotros y nuestros proveedores de servicios externos empleamos balizas web por los motivos que se indican a continuación, pero principalmente para ayudarnos a administrar mejor el contenido de nuestros Servicios al informarnos qué contenido es efectivo.
Juntas, estas herramientas nos permiten realizar análisis de sitios web.
Juntas, estas herramientas nos permiten prevenir el fraude y prevenir ataques contra nuestros sitios web y Servicios; y
Usamos cookies y rastreadores para asignarle un identificador único para que podamos registrar sitios web que visita
Usamos cookies y rastreadores para asignarle un identificador único para que podamos registrar su dirección IP
Puede bloquear las cookies en cualquier momento utilizando la configuración de su navegador web, pero hacerlo puede limitar su experiencia de navegación y su capacidad para usar ciertas funciones de los Servicios. 
¿CUÁNTO TIEMPO PERMANECERÁN LAS COOKIES EN MI DISPOSITIVO DE NAVEGACIÓN?
El tiempo que permanecerá una cookie en su dispositivo de navegación depende de si se trata de una cookie "persistente" o de "sesión". Las cookies de sesión solo permanecerán en su dispositivo hasta que cierre su navegador. Las cookies persistentes permanecen en su dispositivo de navegación hasta que caduquen o se eliminen.
CÓMO GESTIONAR COOKIES Y TECNOLOGÍAS SIMILARES
Tiene derecho a decidir si acepta cookies que no sean cookies estrictamente necesarias. 
También puede elegir cómo se manejan las cookies (en todos los sitios web) en su dispositivo a través de la configuración de su navegador, incluido el bloqueo o la eliminación de todas las cookies o solo las cookies de terceros. Cada fabricante de navegador es diferente, así que consulte el menú "Ayuda" de su navegador para saber cómo cambiar sus preferencias de cookies.
Además, la mayoría de las redes publicitarias le ofrecen una forma de optar por no recibir publicidad dirigida. Si desea obtener más información, visite aboutads.info/choices/ o youronlinechoices.com.
No rastrear (Do Not Track): Algunos navegadores de Internet, como Internet Explorer, Firefox y Safari, incluyen la capacidad de transmitir señales "Do Not Track" o "DNT". Dado que no se han adoptado estándares uniformes para las señales "DNT", nuestros Sitios actualmente no procesan ni responden a las señales "DNT". 
¿SE ACTUALIZARÁ ESTA POLÍTICA DE COOKIES?
Es posible que actualicemos esta Política de cookies de vez en cuando para reflejar, por ejemplo, cambios en las cookies que utilizamos o por otras razones operativas, legales o reglamentarias. Si hacemos alguna actualización, se le notificará cuando visite nuestro sitio web por primera vez después del cambio. También puede volver a visitar esta página si desea mantenerse informado.
TFHCP20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Política de Cookies de Tools for Humanity
Esta Política de Cookies explica cómo nosotros, Tools for Humanity Corporation y sus filiales (en forma conjunta, "nosotros", "nuestro", "nos" o "TFH"), usamos las cookies y otras tecnologías similares, como balizas web, para rastrear el movimiento en línea de los usuarios cuando visitan nuestros sitios web y otros Servicios. Una baliza web es una técnica utilizada en las páginas web para permitir verificar con discreción (usualmente de manera invisible) que un usuario ha accedido a un contenido. Esta Política de Cookies se incorpora y está sujeta al Aviso de Privacidad de Tools for Humanity.
Utilizaremos cookies diferentes dependiendo de cuáles de nuestros sitios web visite. Aplicamos técnicas de seudonimización a todas las cookies para asegurar la privacidad de los usuarios. 
Utilizamos los siguientes tipos de cookies cookies estrictamente necesarias: estas cookies serán necesarias para que los Servicios funcionen y no se podrán desactivar en nuestros sistemas. Por lo general, solo se crean en respuesta a las acciones realizadas por usted que equivalen a una solicitud de servicios, como el inicio de sesión o la cumplimentación de formularios. También incluyen las cookies en las que podemos basarnos para la prevención de fraudes. Puede configurar su navegador para que bloquee o le avise sobre estas cookies pero, si lo hace, es posible que algunos de los Servicios no funcionen. El sustento legal para el uso de cookies estrictamente necesarias es el interés legítimo. El interés legítimo que se busca es proporcionar información libre en línea a personas que deciden por su propia cuenta visitar el sitio web, el cual no funcionaría sin las cookies estrictamente necesarias. 
Utilizamos los siguientes tipos de cookies cookies de rendimiento/análisis: estas cookies nos permiten contar las visitas y las fuentes de tráfico para poder medir y mejorar el rendimiento de nuestros Servicios. Nos ayudan a comprender la popularidad de la página y el movimiento de los visitantes en los Servicios. Toda la información que recopilan estas cookies se fusiona y, por lo tanto, es anónima. Si no permite estas cookies, no sabremos cuándo ha utilizado nuestros Servicios y no podremos monitorear el rendimiento. El sustento legal para el uso de las cookies de rendimiento/análisis es el consentimiento del usuario. Puede retirar su consentimiento a voluntad en cualquier momento.
Utilizamos los siguientes tipos de cookies cookies de funcionalidad: estas cookies nos permiten recordar las elecciones que hace y adaptar nuestros Servicios para que podamos proporcionarle contenido relevante. Por ejemplo, una cookie de funcionalidad puede recordar sus preferencias (p. ej., selección de país o idioma) o su nombre de usuario. El sustento legal para el uso de las cookies de funcionalidad es el consentimiento del usuario. Puede retirar su consentimiento a voluntad en cualquier momento.
A continuación, le presentamos una lista de las cookies que utilizamos para las diferentes partes del sitio web sitio web
Cookies utilizadas 
toolsforhumanity.com
En el sitio web toolsforhumanity.com solo utilizamos cookies estrictamente necesarias. No utilizamos sus datos para venderlos con fines de publicidad de terceros. 
Portal del operador de Orb de TFH
En el operador de Orb de TFH utilizamos cookies estrictamente necesarias, cookies funcionales y cookies de rendimiento/análisis opcionales. No utilizamos sus datos para venderlos con fines de publicidad de terceros. 
Nosotros y nuestros proveedores de servicios externos empleamos balizas web por los motivos que se indican a continuación, pero principalmente para ayudarnos a gestionar mejor el contenido de nuestros Servicios al informarnos qué contenido es efectivo.
Juntas, estas herramientas nos permitirán realizar análisis de sitios web.
Juntas, estas herramientas nos permitirán prevenir fraudes y ataques contra nuestros sitios web y Servicios; y
Utilizaremos cookies y rastreadores para asignarle un identificador único que nos permita registrar los sitios web que visita
Utilizaremos cookies y rastreadores para asignarle un identificador único que nos permita registrar su dirección IP
Puede bloquear las cookies en cualquier momento utilizando la configuración de su navegador web, pero hacerlo podrá limitar su experiencia de navegación y su capacidad de usar ciertas características de los Servicios. 
¿CUÁNTO TIEMPO PERMANECERÁN LAS COOKIES EN MI DISPOSITIVO DE NAVEGACIÓN?
La cantidad de tiempo que una cookie permanecerá en su dispositivo de navegación dependerá de si es una cookie "persistente" o de "sesión". Las cookies de sesión solo permanecerán en su dispositivo hasta que cierre el navegador. Las cookies persistentes permanecerán en su dispositivo hasta que venzan o se eliminen.
CÓMO GESTIONAR LAS COOKIES Y TECNOLOGÍAS SIMILARES
Tiene derecho a decidir si acepta las cookies que no sean cookies estrictamente necesarias. 
También puede elegir cómo las cookies (en todos los sitios web) se manejan en su dispositivo a través de la configuración de su navegador, lo que incluye bloquear o eliminar todas las cookies o solo las cookies de terceros. Cada fabricante de navegadores es diferente, de modo que deberá consultar el menú de "Ayuda" de su navegador para saber cómo cambiar sus preferencias de las cookies.
Además, la mayoría de las redes publicitarias le ofrecen una manera de optar por no ver publicidad dirigida. Si desea obtener más información, visite aboutads.info/choices/ o youronlinechoices.com.
Do Not Track (No rastrear): Algunos navegadores de Internet, como Internet Explorer, Firefox y Safari, incluyen la capacidad de transmitir señales "Do Not Track" o "DNT". Dado que no se han adoptado estándares uniformes para las señales "DNT", en la actualidad nuestros Sitios no procesan ni responden a señales "DNT". 
¿ESTA POLÍTICA DE COOKIES SERÁ ACTUALIZADA?
Podemos actualizar esta Política de cookies de vez en cuando para reflejar, por ejemplo, cambios a las cookies que utilizamos o por otras razones operativas, legales o regulatorias. Si hacemos alguna actualización, le será notificada cuando visite nuestro sitio web por primera vez luego del cambio. También puede volver a visitar esta página si desea mantenerse informado.
TFHCP20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Politique relative aux cookies de Tools for Humanity
La présente Politique relative aux cookies explique comment nous, Tools for Humanity Corporation et ses affiliés (collectivement "nous", "notre", "nos", ou "TFH"), utilisons des cookies et des technologies similaires, comme les balises Web, pour suivre le mouvement en ligne de nos utilisateurs lorsqu'ils consultent nos sites Web et autres Services. Une balise Web provient d'une technique utilisée sur les pages Web pour vérifier discrètement (et généralement de manière invisible) qu'un utilisateur a accédé à un contenu spécifique. La présente Politique relative aux cookies est intégrée et soumise à l'Avis de confidentialité de Tools for Humanity.
Selon le site Web que vous visitez, nous utilisons différents cookies. Nous utilisons des techniques de pseudonymisation pour garantir la confidentialité des utilisateurs. 
Nous utilisons les types de cookies suivants cookies strictement nécessaires : Ces cookies sont nécessaires au fonctionnement des Services et ne peuvent pas être désactivés dans nos systèmes. Ils sont généralement définis uniquement en réponse à des actions que vous effectuez qui correspondent à une demande de services, comme la connexion ou le remplissage de formulaires. Ces cookies comprennent également les cookies sur lesquels nous pouvons nous appuyer pour la prévention de la fraude. Vous pouvez configurer votre navigateur pour qu'il bloque ces cookies ou vous alerte de leur présence, mais dans ce cas, certains Services pourraient ne pas fonctionner. La base juridique de l'utilisation des cookies strictement nécessaires est l'intérêt légitime. L'intérêt légitime recherché consiste à fournir des informations gratuites en ligne aux personnes qui décident librement de visiter ce site Web, lequel ne pourrait pas fonctionner sans les cookies strictement nécessaires. 
Nous utilisons les types de cookies suivants cookies de performance/analytiques : Ces cookies nous permettent de compter les visites et les sources de trafic afin que nous puissions mesurer et améliorer les performances de nos Services. Ils nous aident à comprendre la popularité des pages et le mouvement des visiteurs par rapport à nos Services. Toutes les informations que ces cookies collectent sont agrégées et donc anonymes. Si vous n'autorisez pas ces cookies, nous ne saurons pas quand vous avez utilisé nos Services et nous ne serons pas en mesure de surveiller la performance. La base juridique de l'utilisation des cookies de performance/analytiques est le consentement des utilisateurs. Votre consentement peut être librement retiré à tout moment.
Nous utilisons les types de cookies suivants cookies de fonctionnalité : Ces cookies nous permettent de mémoriser les choix que vous faites et d'adapter nos Services afin de vous proposer un contenu qui présente un intérêt pour vous. Par exemple, un cookie de fonctionnalité peut mémoriser vos préférences (p. ex., sélection du pays ou de la langue) ou votre nom d'utilisateur. La base juridique de l'utilisation des cookies de fonctionnalité est le consentement des utilisateurs. Votre consentement peut être librement retiré à tout moment.
Veuillez trouver ci-dessous la liste des cookies que nous utilisons selon les différentes sections du site Web site Web
Cookies utilisés 
toolsforhumanity.com
Sur le site Web toolsforhumanity.com, nous utilisons uniquement des Cookies strictement nécessaires. Nous ne nous servons pas de vos données pour les revendre à des tiers à des fins publicitaires. 
Portail opérateur Orb TFH
Sur le Portail des opérateurs TFH Orb, nous utilisons des cookies strictement nécessaires, des cookies de fonctionnalité et des cookies optionnels de performance/d'analyse. Nous ne nous servons pas de vos données pour les revendre à des tiers à des fins publicitaires. 
Nous et nos prestataires de services tiers recourons aux balises Web pour les raisons indiquées ci-dessous, mais principalement pour nous aider à mieux gérer le contenu de nos Services en nous indiquant quel contenu est efficace.
Dans leur globalité, ces outils nous permettent d'effectuer des analyses de site Web
Dans leur globalité, ces outils nous permettent de prévenir la fraude et les attaques contre nos sites Web et Services. De plus,
nous avons recours à des cookies et à des traceurs pour vous attribuer un identifiant unique afin de pouvoir enregistrer les sites Web que vous consultez
nous avons recours à des cookies et à des traceurs pour vous attribuer un identifiant unique afin de pouvoir enregistrer votre adresse IP
Vous pouvez bloquer les cookies à tout moment en utilisant les paramètres de votre navigateur Web, mais cela peut limiter votre expérience de navigation et votre capacité à utiliser certaines fonctionnalités des Services.
COMBIEN DE TEMPS LES COOKIES RESTENT-ILS SUR MON NAVIGATEUR ?
La durée de conservation d'un cookie sur votre navigateur dépend du fait qu'il s'agisse d'un « cookie persistant » ou « de session ». Les cookies de session ne demeurent sur votre navigateur que jusqu'à ce que vous fermiez votre navigateur. Les cookies persistants demeurent sur votre navigateur jusqu'à leur date d'expiration ou jusqu'à ce qu'ils soient effacés.
COMMENT GÉRER LES COOKIES ET LES TECHNOLOGIES DE CE TYPE ?
Vous avez le droit de décider d'accepter ou non les cookies non strictement nécessaires. 
Vous pouvez également choisir la manière dont les cookies (sur tous les sites Web) sont traités sur votre appareil via les paramètres de votre navigateur, notamment en bloquant ou en supprimant tous les cookies ou uniquement les cookies tiers. Chaque fabricant de navigateur étant différent, consultez le menu « Aide » de votre navigateur pour savoir comment modifier vos préférences en matière de cookies.
Sachez également que la plupart des réseaux publicitaires vous offrent la possibilité de refuser les publicités ciblées. Pour de plus amples informations, veuillez vous rendre sur aboutads.info/choices/ ou youronlinechoices.com.
Ne pas tracer : Certains navigateurs Internet, tels qu'Internet Explorer, Firefox et Safari, proposent une fonctionnalité pour transmettre les signaux « Ne pas tracer » ou « DNT ». Aucune norme uniforme pour les signaux « DNT » n'ayant été adoptée, nos sites ne traitent pas ni ne répondent pas aux signaux « DNT » actuellement. 
LA PRÉSENTE POLITIQUE RELATIVE AUX COOKIES FERA-T-ELLE L'OBJET D'UNE MISE À JOUR ?
Nous nous réservons le droit de mettre à jour la présente politique en matière de cookies de temps à autre pour refléter, par exemple, les modifications apportées aux cookies que nous utilisons ou pour d'autres raisons opérationnelles, légales ou réglementaires. Le cas échéant, vous serez informé(e) s de toute mise à jour lors de votre première visite sur notre site Web au terme de la modification. Nous vous invitons également à consulter de nouveau la présente page pour vous tenir informé(e) s.
TFHCP20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Tools for Humanity कुकी नीति
यह कुकी नीति स्पष्ट करती है कि हम, यानी Tools for Humanity Corporation और उसके सहबद्ध (सामूहिक रूप से "हम", "हमारा/हमारी/हमारे", "हमें/हमसे/हमने", या "TFH"), हमारी वेबसाइट्स और अन्य सेवाओं पर हमारे उपयोगकर्ताओं के आने पर उनकी ऑनलाइन गतिविधि ट्रैक करने के लिए कुकीज़ और इस जैसी अन्य टेक्नॉलोजी, जैसे वेब बीकन्स, का उपयोग कैसे करते हैं। वेब बीकन एक ऐसी तकनीक है जिसका इस्तेमाल वेब पेजों पर सहज रूप से (आमतौर पर अदृश्य रूप से) यह पता लगाने के लिए किया जाता है कि उपयोगकर्ता ने किस सामग्री तक पहुँच प्राप्त की है। यह कुकी नीति Tools for Humanity निजता सूचना में शामिल है और उसके अधीन है।
toolsforhumanity.com
toolsforhumanity.com वेबसाइट पर हम केवल सख्त तौर पर आवश्यक कुकीज़ का उपयोग करते हैं। हम आपके डेटा का उपयोग तीसरे पक्ष को विज्ञापन के लिए बेचने के लिए नहीं करते हैं। 
TFH ओर्ब ऑपरेटर पोर्टल
TFH ओर्ब ऑपरेटर पोर्टल पर हम सख्त तौर पर आवश्यक कुकीज़, कार्यक्षमता (फ़ंक्शनेलिटी) कुकीज़, वैकल्पिक और प्रदर्शन (परफ़ॉर्मेंस)/एनालिटिक्स कुकीज़ का उपयोग कर रहे हैं। हम आपके डेटा का उपयोग तीसरे पक्ष को विज्ञापन के लिए बेचने के लिए नहीं करते हैं। 
एक साथ, ये उपकरण हमें इसकी अनुमति देते हैं धोखाधड़ी की रोकथाम करना और हमारी वेबसाइट्स एवं सेवाओं पर हमले को रोकना
हम आपको एक अद्वितीय आइडेंटिफ़ायर निर्धारित करने के लिए कुकीज़ और ट्रैकर्स का उपयोग करते हैं ताकि हम निम्नलिखित रिकॉर्ड कर सकें आपका IP पता
साथ ही, अधिकांश विज्ञापन नेटवर्क आपको लक्षित विज्ञापनों से बाहर निकलने का तरीका सुझाते हैं। यदि आप इसके बारे में अधिक जानना चाहते हैं, तो कृपया aboutads.info/choices/ या youronlinechoices.com पर जाएँ।
ट्रैक न करें: कुछ इंटरनेट ब्राउज़र, जैसे इंटरनेट एक्सप्लोरर, फ़ायरफ़ॉक्स और सफारी, में "ट्रैक न करें" या "डीएनटी" सिग्नल प्रसारित करने की क्षमता होती है। चूंकि "DNT" संकेतों के लिए समरूप मानकों को नहीं लागू किया गया है, इसलिए हमारी साइट्स अभी "DNT" संकेतों को संसाधित या प्रतिक्रिया नहीं देती हैं। 
TFHCP20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Kebijakan Cookie Tools for Humanity
Kebijakan Cookie ini menjelaskan cara kami, Tools for Humanity Corporation dan afiliasinya (secara bersama-sama disebut sebagai "kami" atau "TFH"), menggunakan cookie dan teknologi serupa, seperti penanda web, untuk menelusuri pergerakan online pengguna kami ketika mereka mengunjungi situs web kami dan Layanan lainnya. Penanda web adalah teknik yang digunakan pada laman web untuk mengizinkan pemeriksaan secara tidak mengganggu (biasanya secara tidak terlihat) bahwa pengguna telah mengakses beberapa konten. Kebijakan Cookie ini tercakup dan tunduk pada Pemberitahuan Privasi Tools for Humanity.
Bergantung pada situs web kami yang Anda kunjungi, kami menggunakan cookie yang berbeda. Kami menerapkan teknik penyamaran ke semua cookie untuk memastikan privasi pengguna. 
Kami menggunakan jenis cookie berikut cookie yang Sangat Diperlukan: Cookie ini diperlukan oleh Layanan untuk berfungsi dan tidak dapat dinonaktifkan dalam sistem kami. Cookie ini biasanya hanya diatur untuk menanggapi tindakan yang Anda lakukan yang merupakan permintaan layanan, seperti login atau mengisi formulir. Cookie ini juga termasuk cookie yang dapat kami andalkan untuk mencegah penipuan. Anda dapat mengatur peramban Anda untuk memblokir atau memperingatkan Anda tentang cookie ini, namun beberapa Layanan tidak dapat berfungsi. Dasar hukum untuk menggunakan Cookie yang Sangat Diperlukan adalah kepentingan sah. Kepentingan sah yang diutamakan adalah memberikan informasi gratis secara daring kepada orang-orang yang bebas memutuskan untuk mengunjungi situs web tersebut yang tidak akan berfungsi tanpa Cookie yang Sangat Diperlukan. 
Kami menggunakan jenis cookie berikut cookie Kinerja/Analitik: Cookie ini mengizinkan kami untuk menghitung sumber kunjungan dan trafik agar kami dapat mengukur dan meningkatkan kinerja Layanan kami. Cookie ini membantu kami memahami popularitas laman dan pergerakan pengunjung di dalam Layanan. Semua informasi yang dikumpulkan oleh cookie ini diagregatkan dan oleh karena itu bersifat anonim. Jika Anda tidak mengizinkan cookie ini, kami tidak akan tahu waktunya Anda menggunakan Layanan kami dan tidak akan dapat memantau kinerjanya. Dasar hukum untuk menggunakan Cookie Kinerja/Analitik adalah persetujuan pengguna. Persetujuan Anda dapat ditarik secara bebas setiap saat. 
Kami menggunakan jenis cookie berikut cookie Fungsionalitas: Cookie ini mengizinkan kami untuk mengingat pilihan yang Anda buat dan menyesuaikan Layanan kami sehingga kami dapat menyediakan konten terkait kepada Anda. Contohnya, cookie fungsionalitas dapat mengingat preferensi Anda (misalnya, pilihan negara atau bahasa) atau nama pengguna Anda. Dasar hukum untuk menggunakan Cookie Fungsionalitas adalah persetujuan pengguna. Persetujuan Anda dapat ditarik secara bebas setiap saat. 
Berikut adalah daftar cookie yang kami gunakan untuk berbagai bagian situs web situs web
Cookie yang digunakan 
toolsforhumanity.com
Pada situs web toolsforhumanity.com, kami hanya menggunakan Cookie yang Sangat Diperlukan. Kami tidak menggunakan data Anda untuk menjual analitik untuk iklan pihak ketiga. 
Portal Operator Orb TFH
Di Portal Operator Orb TFH, kami menggunakan Cookie yang Sangat Diperlukan, Cookie Fungsionalitas opsional, dan Cookie Kinerja/Analitik. Kami tidak menggunakan data Anda untuk menjual analitik untuk iklan pihak ketiga. 
Kami dan penyedia layanan pihak ketiga menggunakan penanda web karena alasan yang dinyatakan di bawah, tetapi utamanya untuk membantu kami mengelola konten Layanan kami secara lebih baik dengan memberi tahu kami konten yang efektif.
Secara bersama-sama, alat bantu ini mengizinkan kami untuk melaksanakan analitik situs web.
Secara bersama-sama, alat bantu ini mengizinkan kami untuk mencegah penipuan serta mencegah serangan terhadap situs web dan Layanan kami; dan
Kami menggunakan cookie dan penelusur untuk menetapkan penanda unik kepada Anda agar kami dapat mencatat situs web yang Anda kunjungi
Kami menggunakan cookie dan penelusur untuk menetapkan penanda unik kepada Anda agar kami dapat mencatat alamat IP Anda
Anda dapat memblokir cookie setiap saat menggunakan pengaturan peramban web Anda. Namun, dengan melakukan hal tersebut, Anda dapat membatasi pengalaman menjelajah dan kemampuan Anda untuk menggunakan fitur tertentu pada Layanan. 
BERAPA LAMA COOKIE AKAN DISIMPAN DI PERANGKAT PERAMBAN SAYA?
Durasi waktu penyimpanan cookie pada perangkat peramban Anda akan bergantung jika cookie tersebut adalah cookie "tetap" atau "sesi". Cookie sesi hanya akan disimpan pada perangkat Anda sampai Anda menutup peramban Anda. Cookie tetap disimpan pada perangkat peramban Anda sampai cookie kedaluwarsa atau dihapus.
CARA MENGELOLA COOKIE DAN TEKNOLOGI SERUPA
Anda berhak memutuskan apakah akan menerima cookie yang bukan merupakan Cookie yang Sangat Diperlukan. 
Anda juga dapat memilih cara cookie (di semua situs web) ditangani pada perangkat Anda melalui pengaturan peramban Anda termasuk memblokir atau menghapus semua cookie atau hanya cookie pihak ketiga. Setiap produsen peramban berbeda, maka periksa menu "Bantuan" peramban Anda untuk mempelajari cara mengubah preferensi cookie Anda.
Selain itu, sebagian besar jaringan periklanan menawarkan cara untuk memilih keluar dari iklan bertarget. Jika Anda ingin mengetahui informasi selengkapnya, harap kunjungi aboutads.info/choices/ atau youronlinechoices.com.
Jangan Ditelusuri: Beberapa peramban Internet, seperti Internet Explorer, Firefox, dan Safari, termasuk kemampuan untuk mentransmisikan sinyal "Jangan Ditelusuri" atau "DNT". Karena standar keseragaman untuk sinyal "DNT" belum digunakan, Situs kami saat ini tidak memproses atau menanggapi sinyal "DNT". 
APAKAH KEBIJAKAN COOKIE INI AKAN DIPERBARUI?
Kami dapat memperbarui Kebijakan Cookie ini dari waktu ke waktu untuk mencerminkan, contohnya, perubahan terhadap cookie yang kami gunakan untuk tujuan operasi, hukum, atau regulasi. Jika kami melakukan pembaruan, maka Anda akan menerima pemberitahuan ketika pertama kali mengunjungi situs web kami setelah perubahan tersebut. Anda juga dapat mengunjungi laman ini kembali untuk mengikuti informasi terbaru.
TFHCP20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Política de Cookies da Tools for Humanity
Esta Política de Cookies explica como nós, a Tools for Humanity Corporation e as suas filiais (coletivamente "nós", "nossos/nossas", "nos ou "TFH"), utilizamos cookies e tecnologias similares, tal como os web beacons, para seguir o movimento online dos nossos utilizadores, quando visitam os nossos websites e outros Serviços. Um web beacon é uma técnica utilizada em páginas web para permitir discretamente (geralmente de forma invisível) verificar se um utilizador acedeu a algum conteúdo. Esta Política de Cookies é incorporada e está sujeita à Declaração de Confidencialidade da Tools for Humanity.
Dependendo de qual dos nossos websites está a visitar, estamos a utilizar cookies diferentes. Aplicamos técnicas de pseudonimização para todos os cookies, para garantir a privacidade dos utilizadores.
Usamos os seguintes tipos de cookies cookies estritamente necessários: Estes cookies são necessários para que os Serviços funcionem e não podem ser desativados nos nossos sistemas. Estes, habitualmente, apenas são definidos em resposta a ações realizadas por si que correspondem a um pedido de serviços, tal como iniciar sessão ou preencher formulários. Estes também incluem cookies em que podemos confiar para a prevenção de fraudes. Pode configurar o seu navegador para bloquear ou alertá-lo sobre estes cookies, mas alguns dos Serviços podem não funcionar. O fundamento jurídico para a utilização de cookies estritamente necessários é o interesse legítimo. O interesse legítimo empreendido é o fornecimento de informação gratuita online a pessoas que decidam livremente visitar esse website que não funcionaria sem os cookies estritamente necessários. 
Usamos os seguintes tipos de cookies cookies de desempenho/análise: Estes cookies permitem-nos contar as visitas e fontes de tráfego para que possamos medir e melhorar o desempenho dos nossos Serviços. Ajudam-nos a compreender a popularidade da página e o movimento dos visitantes em torno dos Serviços. Todas as informações que estes cookies recolhem são agregadas e são, portanto, anónimas. Se não permitir estes cookies, não saberemos quando utilizou os nossos Serviços e não poderemos monitorizar o respetivo desempenho. O fundamento jurídico para usar os cookies de desempenho/análise é o consentimento dos utilizadores. O seu consentimento pode ser retirado livremente em qualquer altura.
Usamos os seguintes tipos de cookies cookies de funcionalidade: Estes cookies permitem-nos lembrar as escolhas que faz e personalizar os nossos Serviços para que possamos fornecer-lhe conteúdo relevante. Por exemplo, um cookie de funcionalidade pode lembrar as suas preferências (por exemplo, seleção de país ou idioma) ou o seu nome de utilizador. O fundamento jurídico para usar os cookies de funcionalidade é o consentimento dos utilizadores. O seu consentimento pode ser retirado livremente em qualquer altura.
Aqui encontra uma lista dos cookies que utilizamos para as diferentes partes do website website
Cookies usados 
toolsforhumanity.com
No website toolsforhumanity.com, apenas utilizamos Cookies Estritamente Necessários. Não usamos os seus dados para vendê-los para publicidade de terceiros. 
Portal do Operador Orb da TFH
No Portal do Operador Orb da TFH utilizamos cookies estritamente necessários, cookies funcionais opcionais e cookies de desempenho/análise. Não usamos os seus dados para vendê-los para publicidade de terceiros. 
Nós e o nosso fornecedor de serviços externo empregamos web beacons pelos motivos indicados abaixo, mas principalmente para nos ajudar a melhor gerir o conteúdo nos nossos Serviços, informando-nos que conteúdo é eficaz.
De forma conjunta, estas ferramentas permitem-nos executar análise do website.
De forma conjunta, estas ferramentas permitem-nos prevenir fraudes e ataques contra os nossos websites e Serviços; e
Usamos cookies e rastreadores para lhe atribuir um identificador único para que possamos registar websites que visita
Usamos cookies e rastreadores para lhe atribuir um identificador único para que possamos registar o seu endereço IP
Pode bloquear cookies a qualquer momento usando as definições do seu navegador, mas fazê-lo pode limitar a sua experiência de navegação e a sua capacidade de usar determinadas funcionalidades dos Serviços. 
DURANTE QUANTO TEMPO FICARÃO OS COOKIES NO MEU DISPOSITIVO DE NAVEGAÇÃO?
O tempo de permanência de um cookie no seu dispositivo de navegação depende se é um cookie "persistente" ou de "sessão". Os cookies de sessão apenas permanecerão no seu dispositivo até que feche o seu navegador. Os cookies persistentes permanecem no seu dispositivo de navegação até estes expirarem ou serem eliminados.
COMO GERIR OS COOKIES E TECNOLOGIAS SEMELHANTES
Tem o direito de decidir se aceita ou não cookies que não sejam cookies estritamente necessários. 
Pode também escolher como os cookies (em todos os websites) são tratados no seu dispositivo através das definições do seu navegador, incluindo o bloqueio ou eliminação de todos os cookies ou apenas cookies de terceiros. Cada fabricante de navegador é diferente, por isso verifique o menu "Ajuda" do seu navegador para saber como alterar as suas preferências de cookies.
Adicionalmente, a maioria das redes de publicidade oferecem-lhe uma forma de autoexcluir-se da publicidade orientada. Se pretender obter mais informações, visite aboutads.info/choices/ ou youronlinechoices.com.
Não rastrear: Alguns navegadores de Internet, como o Internet Explorer, Firefox, e Safari, incluem a capacidade de transmitir sinais "Não Rastrear" ou "DNT". Uma vez que não foram adotados sinais uniformes para sinais "DNT", os nossos Sites não processam nem respondem atualmente aos sinais "DNT". 
ESTA POLÍTICA DE COOKIES SERÁ ATUALIZADA?
Podemos atualizar esta Política de Cookie de tempos a tempos para refletir, por exemplo, alterações aos cookies que utilizamos ou por outras razões operacionais, legais ou regulamentares. Se fizermos qualquer atualização, então será notificado quando visitar o nosso website pela primeira vez após a alteração. Pode também revisitar esta página se desejar manter-se informado.
TFHCP20230531
Effective June 19, 2023
Download
Kuki ya Faragha ya Tools for Humanity
Sera hii ya Kuki inaelezea jinsi sisi, Tools for Humanity Corporation na washirika wake (kwa pamoja "sisi", au "TFH"), tunavyotumia kuki na teknolojia sawa, kama vile web beacons, ili kufuatilia mienendo ya mtandaoni ya watumaiji wetu wanapotembelea tovuti zetu na Huduma nyingine. Web beacon ni mbinu inayotumika kwenye kurasa za tovuti bila kuzuiwa kuruhusu (kawaida kwa njia isiyoonekana) kuangalia kwamba mtumiaji ametembelea maudhui fulani. Sera hii ya Faragha imejumuishwa na ipo chini ya Ilani ya Faragha ya Tools for Humanity.
Kulingana na ni tovuti ipi kati ya tovuti zetu unayotembelea, tunatumia kuki tofauti. Tunanatumia mbinu za majina ya misimbo kwa kuki zote ili kuhakikisha faragha ya mtumiaji.
Tunatumia aina zifuatazo za kuki kuki Muhimu Sana: Kuki hizi ni muhimu ili Huduma zifanye kazi na haziwezi kuzimwa katika mifumo yako. Kwa kawaida huwa zimepangwa kutenda kulingana na hatua unazochukua ambazo zinajumuisha kuomba huduma, kama vile kuingia kwenye akaunti au kujaza fomu. Hivi pia vinajumuisha kuki tunazoweza kutegemea kuzuia ulaghai. Unaweza kuandaa kivinjari chako kuzuia au kukupasha habari kuhusu kuki hizi, ila baadhi ya Huduma huenda zikakosa kufanya kazi. Misingi ya kisheria ya kutumia Kuki Muhimu Kabisa ni haja halali. Haja halali inayoangaziwa ni kutoa taarifa bila malipo mtandaoni kwa watu ambao wanaamua kwa njia huru kutembelea tovuti hiyo ambayo haingeweza kufanya kazi bila Kuki Muhimu Kabisa. 
Tunatumia aina zifuatazo za kuki kuki za Utendakazi/Uchambuzi: Kuki hizi zinatuwezesha kuhesabu mara ya kutembelea na vyanzo vya trafiki ili tuweze kupima na kuimarisha utendakazi wa Huduma zetu. ZInatusaidia kujua umaarufu wa ukurasa na harakati za wageni kuhusu Huduma. Maelezo yote yanayokusanywa na kuki hizi yamekadiriwa na kwa hivyo hayana utambulisho. Ukikosa kuruhusu kuki hizi, hatutajua wakati umetumia Huduma zetu, na hatutaweza kufuatilia utendakazi wake. Misingi ya kisheria ya kutumia Kuki za Utendakazi/Uchambuzi ni idhini ya mtumiaji. Ridhaa yako inaweza kuondolewa kwa hiari wakati wowote.
Tunatumia aina zifuatazo za kuki kuki za Utendakazi: Kuki hizi zinatuwezesha kukumbuka machaguo uliyofanya na kubinafsisha Huduma zetu ili tuweze kukupa maudhui muhimu. Kwa mfano, kuki ya utendaji inaweza kukumbuka mapendeleo yako (k.m. chaguo la nchi au lugha), au jina lako la mtumiaji. Msingi wa kisheria wa matumizi ya Kuki za Utendakazi ni idhini ya mtumiaji. Ridhaa yako inaweza kuondolewa kwa hiari wakati wowote.
Hii ni orodha ya kuki tunazotumia kwenye sehemu tofauti za tovuti tovuti
Kuki zinazotumika 
toolsforhumanity.com
Kwenye tovuti ya toolsforhumanity.com tunatumia tu Kuki Muhimu Kabisa. Hatutumii data zako ili kuziuza kwa ajili ya kufanya matangazo ya wahusika wengine. 
Lango la TFH Orb Operator Portal
Kwenye lango la TFH Orb Operator Portal tunatumia Kuki Muhimu Kabisa, Kuki za Utendaji na Kuki za Utendakazi/Uchambuzi za hiari. Hatutumii data zako ili kuziuza kwa ajili ya kufanya matangazo ya wahusika wengine. 
Sisi na watoa huduma wengine tunatumia viashiria vya tovuti (web beacons) kwa sababu zilizoorodheshwa hapa chini, lakini kimsingi ni kutusaidia kudhibiti maudhui kwa njia bora kuhusu Huduma zetu kwa kutufahamisha ni maudhui gani yanayoleta ufanisi.
Kwa pamoja, zana hizi zinatuwezesha kufanya chambuzi za tovuti.
Kwa pamoja, zana hizi zinatuwezesha kuzuia ulaghai na kuzuia mashambulizi dhidi ya tovuti na Huduma zetu; na
Tunatumia kuki na vifuatiliaji ili kukupa kitambulisho cha kipekee ili tuweze kurekodi tovuti unazotembelea
Tunatumia kuki na vifuatiliaji ili kukupa kitambulisho cha kipekee ili tuweze kurekodi anwani yako ya IP
Unaweza kuzuia kuki wakati wowote kwa kutumia mipangilio ya kivinjari chako, lakini kufanya hivyo huenda kukawekea vikwazo huduma yako ya kuvinjari na uwezo wako wa kutumia vipengele fulani vya Huduma. 
JE, KUKI ZITADUMU KWA MUDA GANI KWENYE KIVINJARI CHANGU?
Urefu wa muda ambao kuki itakuwa kwenye kivinjari chako utategemea kama ni kuki ya "kudumu" au ya "muda". Kuki za muda zitakuwa kwenye kifaa chako hadi utakapofunga kivinjari chako. Kuki za kudumu zinakuwa kwenye kifaa chako cha kuvinjari hadi zitakapoishiwa na muda au zitakapofutwa.
JINSI YA KUDHIBITI KUKI NA TEKNOLOJIA ZA AINA HIYO
Una haki ya kuamua ikiwa utakubali kuki ambazo si Kuki Muhimu Kabisa. 
Unaweza pia kuchagua jinsi kuki (katika tovuti zote) zinashughulikiwa kwenye kifaa chako kupitia mipangilio ya kivinjari chako ikiwemo kuzuia au kufuta kuki zote au kuki za wahusika wengine tu. Kila mtengenezaji wa kivinjari fulani ni tofauti, kwa hivyo angalia kwenye menyu ya "Help" ya kivinjari chako ili kujifunza jinzi ya kubadilisha mapendeleo yako kuhusu kuki.
Zaidi ya hayo, mitandao mingi ya matangazo inakupa njia ya kuchagua kuondoka kwenye matangazo lengwa. Ikiwa ungependa kupata maelezo zaidi, tafadhali tembelea aboutads.info/choices/ au youronlinechoices.com.
Do Not Track (Usifuatilie): Baadhi ya vivinjari vya tovuti, kama vile Internet Explorer, Firefox, na Safari, vinajumuisha uwezo wa kuwasilisha ishara za "Do Not Track" au "DNT". Kwa kuwa viwango vya kawaida vya isahara za "DNT" havijawekwa, tovuti zetu kwa sasa hazichakati au kutangamana na ishara za "DNT". 
JE, SERA HII YA KUKI ITASASISHWA?
Tunaweza kubadilisha sera hii ya kuki mara kwa mara ili kuonyesha, kwa mfano, mabadiliko kwenye kuki tunazotumia au kwa sababu nyinginezo za kiutendakazi, kisheria au kiudhibiti. Tukifanya masasisho yoyote, utajulishwa unapotembelea tovuti yetu kwa mara ya kwanza baada ya mabadiliko hayo. Unaweza pia kurejelea ukurasa huu ikiwa ungependa kuendelea kujifahamisha.
TFHCP20230531
P2P Marketplace Terms and Conditions
Version 1.2
Effective April 12, 2023
Download
Table of Contents
WORLDCOIN P2P MARKETPLACE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Welcome to the Worldcoin P2P Marketplace (the "Marketplace"). These Terms between you and Tools for Humanity Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("TFH", "we" or "us") govern your use of and access to the Marketplace and all of the associated functionality, content, and services we provide to you (the "Marketplace Services"). These Terms are incorporated into and governed by the Worldcoin User Terms and Conditions ("User Terms"). Definitions not defined in these terms are defined in the User Terms. In the event of a conflict between the User Terms and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail, but only with respect to the Marketplace and the Marketplace Services. 
Please read these Terms carefully before using or accessing the Marketplace Services. By accessing or using any of the Marketplace Services we provide, you expressly agree to be bound by these Terms and by our Privacy Statement, which is incorporated as a part of these Terms.
Please note these especially important parts of these Terms nothing in the Marketplace Services constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities. The Marketplace Services do not constitute investment advice. Holding, buying, or selling Worldcoin tokens ("WLD") or any other Digital Tokens may not be permitted where you live, and it is your responsibility to comply with all applicable law. Please consider whether buying, selling, using, or holding Digital Tokens, including WLD, is suitable for you in light of your financial circumstances and your understanding of Digital Tokens.
Further, you acknowledge that via the Marketplace Services, TFH is providing a technology platform only connecting buyers and sellers wishing to make transactions. At no time does TFH transmit, store, take possession of, custody, or otherwise engage with any traditional or digital currency. TFH does not process transactions, act as a payment processor, or otherwise become involved in processing transactions. All transactions happen separately between buyers and sellers on the Marketplace. All transactions and related liability exist between buyer and seller only. TFH has no liability in regards to transactions between buyers and sellers, and TFH is unable to provide support in regards to transaction problems. 
Scope of the Terms
Eligibility. In order to use the Marketplace Services, you must comply with these Terms and all applicable laws. You cannot use the Marketplace Services to conduct, promote, or help others to carry out any illegal activity.
In addition, you must meet all of the following criteria: you are 18 years of age or older; and
In addition, you must meet all of the following criteria: you are not a "Specially Designated National" as declared by the U. S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") or the sanctions lists of any other country, and your name is not on the U. S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List or the banned persons lists of any other country.
If you do not meet all of these requirements, you are not allowed to access or use the Marketplace Services.
Availability. Webpages describing the Marketplace Services are accessible worldwide, but this does not mean all Marketplace Services or service features are legal or available in your country. You must meet the eligibility requirements set forth in to access and use the Marketplace Services, including being ordinarily resident and physically located in the country/countries stated in 1.2. You may not use VPN or similar tools for the purpose of circumventing any restrictions. It is your responsibility to make sure that your use of the Marketplace Services is legal where you use them. Marketplace Services are not available in all languages.
Updates. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we do this, we will make the updated terms available in the Worldcoin App. You understand and agree that your continued use of the Marketplace Services after we have made any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the updated Terms. You can stop using the Marketplace Services at any time if you do not agree to these Terms. Because the Marketplace Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Marketplace Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.
Services
Marketplace
The Marketplace provides a peer-to-peer platform connecting buyers and sellers wishing to purchase or sell Digital Assets. Participants of the Marketplace in the business of buying and selling Digital Assets and wishing to list their availability for transactions on the Marketplace must be approved as agents on the Marketplace by us and must have a WorldID associated with them (the "Marketplace Partners"). The use of the term "Marketplace Partners" does not refer to a principal, agent relationship between TFH and any users of the Marketplace. Where the Marketplace Partners is a business, the agent doing business on behalf of the business must have a WorldID. Participants of the Marketplace responding to listings by Marketplace Partners do not need to be approved by us, but must have a WorldID if transacting over certain amounts (the "Customers"). Marketplace Partners may also be Customers where they are responding to offers placed by other Marketplace Partners.
Marketplace Partners may list offers to buy or sell Digital Assets on the Marketplace at a certain price (the "Offers"). Customers may respond to Offers via the Marketplace. Details such as payment methods, price, and delivery time/method are negotiated between Marketplace Partners and Customers. TFH has no involvement with these details, but may recommend certain payment methods, price, and delivery time/methods for use. Such recommendations are informational in nature only.
Marketplace Partners and Customers are able to use the Worldcoin App and wallet services to send or receive Digital Assets to fulfill Offers. While Marketplace Partners and Customers may use certain Worldcoin features to complete Offers, they remain fully liable for any transactions that are entered into between the Marketplace Partners and the Customer. TFH is not a party to any transactions.
The Marketplace does not provide any escrow services or guarantee in regards to Marketplace Partners or Customers. Marketplace Partners are approved on a Know-Your-Business or Know-Your-Customer basis only by TFH. Such approval does not endorse any Marketplace Partners, or guarantee that they will fulfill any transactions. In addition, any rating assigned to a Marketplace Partners or Customer by TFH does not constitute any endorsement or guarantee. Marketplace Partners and Customers accept all risks related to making a transaction, including the risk that they will not receive the proceeds of their purchase or sale. In the event of a problem in regards to any transaction, TFH is not able to assist with a resolution, nor holds any liability for problems arising from any transactions. Further, TFH does not provide any escrow service; Customers accept the risk that the Marketplace Partners may not transfer the proceeds of any sale or purchase to the Customer.
In respect of any transactions processed via the Worldcoin App, Marketplace Partners and Customers acknowledge that the Worldcoin App and wallet are non-custodial services. TFH does not store or custody any Digital Assets, and does not transact, transmit, take possession of, or otherwise have any involvement with making any transactions. Digital Assets are always stored and transmitted on their respective blockchain networks, which can be accessed via other non-custodial wallet solutions. There are no guarantees the transactions will process correctly. In addition, where others have access to your Worldcoin App or wallet, they may use such access to make transactions without your consent. Marketplace Partners and Customers are fully liable for any transactions made from their wallet, and accept all risks related to unauthorized access of their wallets.
Transactions 
Transactions on the Marketplace happen between Marketplace Partners and Customers (or between Marketplace Partners and Marketplace Partners). Transactions are made pursuant to these Terms and the terms (if any) between Marketplace Partners and Customers in regard to a particular transaction. When an Offer is made, Marketplace Partners will specify what terms, if any, form part of the agreement to make a transaction. Both Marketplace Partners and Customers should make sure they have carefully read any Offer and accompanying terms to the Offer before making any transactions. Terms accompanying an Offer are valid in all cases except where they contradict or violate these Terms, or where they violate applicable law. Marketplace Partners and Customers accept full responsibility to carefully read, acknowledge, and comply with any terms accompanying an Offer. If any such terms are unclear or not agreed by either party, they should not transact. In addition, any terms accompanying an Offer should be followed when making a transaction. If a transaction is made without complying with any accompanying terms, a transaction may not be completed.
Once an Offer is accepted, the Customer must first make a transaction to send the agreed amount and type of either traditional currency or digital currency. Once this transaction is received by the Marketplace Partners, the Marketplace Partners must then send the agreed amount and type of either traditional currency or digital currency to the Customer. Both parties must specify the correct payment methods and receiving methods for their respective transactions. Both parties to the transaction are responsible for sending the correct amounts and types of traditional or digital currency. In the event where transactions are not received, reversed, improperly processed, or otherwise encounter an error, the Marketplace Partners and Customer must work together to resolve any issue. TFH is not able to assist with transaction-related problems.
Some Marketplace Partners may impose limitations or restrictions on the amount of traditional or digital currency they are willing to accept from Customers. These limits are set by Marketplace Partners and not TFH.
The value of Digital Assets can fluctuate significantly over short periods of time. Any Offer you accept will specify the transaction time and exchange rate applicable to our transaction. You are solely responsible for accepting the risk of any price fluctuations, and understand that by the time you complete a transaction, the value of the Digital Assets involved in the transaction may have changed significantly.
Reputation Score
When you make a transaction via the Marketplace, we allow other users to provide feedback on their interaction with you, including but not limited to a numerical score of how their interaction went, a 'thumbs up' or 'thumbs down' feedback score, and written commentary. Such feedback may be posted on your profile for other Marketplace Partners and Customers to see. We make no guarantees as to the accuracy of such feedback.
Advertising on the Marketplace
Marketplace Partners are prohibited from placing advertisements anywhere on the Marketplace (such as on their profile, Offer or accompanying terms, or in communications with Customers) which would facilitate transactions outside of the Marketplace. Marketplace Partners may share information necessary for Customers to contact them and make arrangements to complete transactions.
Customer Support and Dispute Resolution 
We provide customer support for assistance with certain features and functions in connection with the Marketplace Services, but this support is limited to your experience with the Marketplace Services and use of the Worldcoin App. We are unable to provide support in regard to transactions between Marketplace Partners and Customers, beyond reaching out to Marketplace Partners when they become unresponsive. To get in touch, select "Support" from the in-app menu.
We do not provide dispute resolution services in relation to disagreements between Marketplace Partners and Customers. Any disputes must be resolved directly between you and the Marketplace Partners or Customer. 
Purchases, Fees, and Taxes
TFHFees. We may add a fee for using the Marketplace when you make a transaction with a Marketplace Partners. The amount of this fee will be displayed to you within the Marketplace when you respond to an Offer, and will form part of the exchange rate shown in the Offer.
Marketplace Partners Fees. Fees Marketplace Partners charge Customers to make a transaction will be displayed as part of the exchange rate in the Offer. Marketplace Partners must clearly state all fees as part of the Offer, and may not charge additional fees not described in the Offer.
Taxes. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether, and to what extent, any taxes apply to any transaction via the Marketplace Services or any transactions you make as a Marketplace Partner or a Customer, and to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct amount of tax to the appropriate tax authorities.
Updates. All fees are displayed and current as reflected in the Marketplace Services and may be updated and changed from time to time.
Compliance
Before being allowed to post Offers on the Marketplace, all Marketplace Partners must pass KYB and KYC checks by providing certain information to TFH. TFH may approve or reject such approval in its sole discretion. In addition, TFH may not disclose the reasons for such approval or rejection to you.
From time to time, TFH may ask for additional or updated documentation. Failure to provide such information in a timely manner may result in suspension or termination from the Marketplace Services.
Orb Operators
We partner with local independent contractors called "Orb Operators," who facilitate user signups to the Worldcoin App and help answer questions you may have about TFH. These Orb Operators have received training and are knowledgeable about TFH. However, we have no control over and disclaim all liability for what they say or how they conduct themselves. Orb Operators may also act as Marketplace Partners or Customers on the Marketplace. Their activities as Marketplace Partners and customers are separate from their activities as Orb Operators. Orb Operators and Marketplace Partners are not agents or employees of TFH in any way. Any effort, feature, process, policy, standard, or other efforts undertaken by TFH in the interest of its users do not indicate an employment or agency relationship with an Orb Operator. 
Suspension & Termination
We may suspend and restrict your access to the Marketplace Services where: we are so required by a facially valid subpoena, court order, or binding order of a government authority; we reasonably suspect you of using the Marketplace Services in connection with a Prohibited Use; use of your using the Marketplace Services is subject to any pending litigation, investigation, or government proceeding and we perceive a heightened risk of legal or regulatory non-compliance associated with your activity; our service partners are unable to support your use; you take any action that we deem as circumventing our controls. In addition, we may terminate your account on the Marketplace at any time without notice where you breach any of these Terms or we decide, in our sole discretion, that your continued use of the Marketplace Services is harmful to TFH. 
General Provisions
Check the User Terms for other terms applicable to your use of the Marketplace Services, including governing law and arbitration clauses.
MTOS20230407
Effective April 12, 2023
Download
TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DEL MERCADO P2P DE WORLDCOIN
Bienvenido al Mercado P2P de Worldcoin (el "Mercado"). Estas Condiciones entre usted y Tools for Humanity Corporation, una corporación de Delaware ("TFH", "nosotros" o "nos") rigen su uso y acceso al Mercado y a todas las funcionalidades, contenido y servicios asociados que le proporcionamos (en conjunto, los "Servicios del Mercado"). Estas Condiciones se incorporan y rigen por las Condiciones del Usuario de Worldcoin ("Condiciones del Usuario"). Las definiciones no definidas en estas condiciones se definen en las Condiciones del Usuario. En caso de conflicto entre las Condiciones del Usuario y estas Condiciones, prevalecerán estas Condiciones, pero solo con respecto al Mercado y los Servicios del Mercado. 
Lea atentamente estas Condiciones antes de utilizar o acceder a los Servicios del Mercado. Al acceder o utilizar cualquiera de los Servicios del Mercado que prestamos, usted acepta expresamente quedar obligado por estas Condiciones y por nuestra Declaración de privacidad, que se incorpora como parte de las Condiciones.
Tenga en cuenta, especialmente, estas partes importantes de estas Condiciones nada de lo contenido en los Servicios del Mercado constituye una oferta de venta ni publicidad sobre una oferta de compra de valores. Los Servicios del Mercado no constituyen asesoramiento en materia de inversión. Es posible que donde resida no se permita poseer, comprar o vender tokens de Worldcoin ("WLD") ni ningún otro token digital, y es responsabilidad suya cumplir con toda legislación aplicable. Tenga en cuenta si comprar, vender, usar o poseer tokens digitales, incluido WLD, es adecuado para usted en vista de sus circunstancias financieras y su comprensión de los tokens digitales.
Además, usted reconoce que a través de los Servicios del Mercado, TFH ofrece una plataforma tecnológica que solo conecta a compradores y vendedores que desean realizar transacciones. En ningún momento transmite, almacena, toma posesión, custodia ni se involucra de otro modo TFH con ninguna divisa tradicional o digital. TFH no procesa transacciones, actúa como procesador de pagos ni participa de otro modo en el procesamiento de transacciones. Todas las transacciones se realizan por separado entre compradores y vendedores en el Mercado. Todas las transacciones y responsabilidades relacionadas existen solo entre el comprador y el vendedor. TFH no tiene ninguna responsabilidad con respecto a las transacciones entre compradores y vendedores, y TFH no puede prestar apoyo con respecto a los problemas de transacciones. 
Alcance de las Condiciones
Elegibilidad. Para utilizar los Servicios del Mercado, debe cumplir con estas Condiciones y todas las leyes aplicables. No puede utilizar los Servicios del Mercado para llevar a cabo, promover o ayudar a otros a llevar a cabo ninguna actividad ilegal.
Además, debe cumplir todos los criterios siguientes tener 18 años o más; y
Además, debe cumplir todos los criterios siguientes no ser un "Ciudadano especialmente designado" según la Oficina de control de activos extranjeros ("OFAC"), por sus siglas en inglés) del Departamento del Tesoro de los EE. UU. ni las listas de sanciones de ningún otro país, y su nombre no figura en la Lista de personas denegadas del Departamento de Comercio de los EE. UU. ni en las listas de personas prohibidas de ningún otro país.
Si no cumple todos estos requisitos, no se le permite acceder ni utilizar los Servicios del Mercado.
Disponibilidad. Puede accederse a las páginas web que describen los Servicios del Mercado desde cualquier parte del mundo, pero esto no significa que todos los Servicios del Mercado o funciones de servicio sean legales o estén disponibles en su país. Debe cumplir los requisitos de elegibilidad establecidos en la Sección para acceder y utilizar los Servicios del Mercado, incluido ser residente habitual y estar físicamente ubicado en el país/países indicados en la Sección 1.2. No puede utilizar VPN ni herramientas similares con el fin de eludir restricciones. Es su responsabilidad asegurarse de que usa los Servicios del Mercado conforme a la legalidad cuando los utilice. Los Servicios del Mercado no están disponibles en todos los idiomas.
Actualizaciones. Podemos cambiar en estas Condiciones según sea necesario. Si lo hacemos, pondremos a su disposición las condiciones actualizadas en la aplicación de Worldcoin. Usted entiende y acepta que el hecho de continuar usando los Servicios del Mercado después de que las hayamos cambiado significa que acepta las Condiciones actualizadas. Puede dejar de utilizar los Servicios del Mercado en cualquier momento si no acepta las Condiciones. Debido a que los Servicios del Mercado evolucionan con el tiempo, podemos cambiar o interrumpir la totalidad o parte de estos, en cualquier momento y sin previo aviso, a nuestra entera discreción.
Servicios
Mercado P2P
El Mercado ofrece una plataforma entre pares que conecta a compradores y vendedores que desean comprar o vender activos digitales. Los participantes del Mercado en el negocio de compra y venta de Activos digitales y que deseen listar su disponibilidad para transacciones en el Mercado deben ser aprobados como agentes en el Mercado por nosotros y deben tener un WorldID asociado a ellos (los "Socios del Mercado"). El uso del término "Socios del Mercado" no hace referencia a una relación principal-agente entre TFH y cualquier usuario del Mercado. Cuando los Socios del Mercado sean una empresa, el agente que haga negocios en nombre de la empresa debe tener un WorldID. Los participantes del Mercado que respondan a los anuncios de los Socios del Mercado no necesitan recibir nuestra aprobación, pero deben tener un WorldID si realizan transacciones superiores a ciertas cantidades (los "Clientes"). Los Socios del Mercado también pueden ser Clientes cuando respondan a ofertas realizadas por otros Socios del Mercado.
Los Socios del Mercado pueden enumerar ofertas para comprar o vender Activos digitales en el Mercado a un precio determinado (las "Ofertas"). Los Clientes pueden responder a las Ofertas a través del Mercado. Los detalles como los métodos de pago, el precio y el plazo/método de entrega se negocian entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes. TFH no tiene ninguna implicación con estos detalles, pero puede recomendar ciertos métodos de pago, precio y plazo/métodos de entrega para su uso. Dichas recomendaciones son de carácter informativo únicamente.
Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes pueden utilizar la aplicación de Worldcoin y los servicios de billetera para enviar o recibir Activos digitales para cumplir con las Ofertas. Aunque los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes pueden utilizar ciertas características de Worldcoin para completar las Ofertas, siguen siendo plenamente responsables de cualquier transacción que se celebre entre los Socios del Mercado y el Cliente. TFH no es parte de ninguna transacción.
El Mercado no ofrece ningún servicio de custodia ni garantía con respecto a los Socios del Mercado ni a los Clientes. Sólo THF aprueba a los Socios del Mercado sobre una base de Conozca-Su-Negocio o Conozca-Su-Cliente (KYC). Dicha aprobación no avala a ningún Socio del Mercado ni garantiza que realizará ninguna transacción. Además, cualquier calificación asignada a un Socio del Mercado o Cliente por parte de TFH no constituye ningún respaldo ni garantía. Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes aceptan todos los riesgos relacionados con la realización de una transacción, incluido el riesgo de que no reciban los ingresos de su compra o venta. En caso de un problema con respecto a cualquier transacción, TFH no puede ayudar con una resolución, ni asume ninguna responsabilidad por los problemas que surjan de cualquier transacción. Además, TFH no ofrece ningún servicio de custodia; los Clientes aceptan el riesgo de que los Socios del Mercado no transfieran el producto de cualquier venta o compra al Cliente.
Con respecto a cualquier transacción procesada a través de la aplicación de Worldcoin, los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes reconocen que la aplicación de Worldcoin y la billetera son servicios no custodiados. TFH no almacena ni custodia ningún Activo digital, y no realiza transacciones, transmite, toma posesión de, ni tiene ninguna implicación en la realización de ninguna transacción. Los Activos digitales siempre se almacenan y transmiten en sus respectivas redes de cadena de bloques, a las que se puede acceder a través de otras soluciones de billetera sin custodia. No hay garantías de que las transacciones se procesen correctamente. Además, cuando otros tengan acceso a su aplicación de Worldcoin o billetera, podrán utilizar dicho acceso para realizar transacciones sin su consentimiento. Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes son plenamente responsables de cualquier transacción realizada desde su billetera, y aceptan todos los riesgos relacionados con el acceso no autorizado de sus billeteras.
Transacciones 
Las transacciones en el Mercado tienen lugar entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes (o entre Socios del Mercado). Las transacciones se realizan de conformidad con estas Condiciones (si los hubiera) entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes con respecto a una transacción en particular. Cuando se realiza una Oferta, los Socios del Mercado especificarán qué condiciones, si los hubiera, forman parte del acuerdo para realizar una transacción. Tanto los Socios del Mercado como los Clientes deben asegurarse de haber leído detenidamente cualquier Oferta y las condiciones adjuntas a la Oferta antes de realizar cualquier transacción. Las condiciones que acompañan a una Oferta son válidas en todos los casos, excepto cuando contradigan o infrinjan estas Condiciones, o cuando infrinjan la legislación aplicable. Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes aceptan toda la responsabilidad de leer detenidamente, reconocer y cumplir cualquier condición que acompañe a una Oferta. Si alguna de estas condiciones no está clara o no ha sido acordada por alguna de las partes, no deben realizar la transacción. Además, al realizar una transacción deben respetarse las condiciones que acompañan a una oferta. Si se realiza una transacción sin cumplir alguna de las condiciones que la acompañan, esta no podrá completarse.
Una vez aceptada una Oferta, el Cliente debe realizar primero una transacción para enviar la cantidad y el tipo acordados, ya sea en divisa tradicional o digital. Una vez que los Socios del Mercado reciben esta transacción, los Socios del Mercado deben enviar al Cliente el importe y el tipo acordados de divisa tradicional o digital. Ambas partes deben especificar los métodos de pago y los métodos de recepción correctos para sus respectivas transacciones. Ambas partes de la transacción son responsables de enviar las cantidades y tipos correctos de divisa tradicional o digital. En caso de que las transacciones no se reciban, se anulen, se procesen incorrectamente o se produzca algún error, los Socios del Mercado y el Cliente deberán colaborar para resolver cualquier problema. TFH no puede ayudar con los problemas relacionados con las transacciones.
Algunos Socios del Mercado pueden imponer limitaciones o restricciones sobre la cantidad de divisa tradicional o digital que están dispuestos a aceptar de los Clientes. Estos límites los establecen los Socios del Mercado y no TFH.
El valor de los Activos digitales puede fluctuar significativamente en periodos de tiempo cortos. Cualquier Oferta que acepte especificará la hora de la transacción y el tipo de cambio aplicable a nuestra transacción. Usted es el único responsable de aceptar el riesgo de cualquier fluctuación de precios, y entiende que en el momento en que complete una transacción, el valor de los Activos digitales implicados en la misma puede haber cambiado significativamente.
Puntuación de reputación
Cuando usted realiza una transacción a través del Mercado, permitimos que otros usuarios proporcionen comentarios sobre su interacción con usted, incluyendo, entre otros, una puntuación numérica de cómo fue su interacción, una puntuación de "pulgar hacia arriba" o "pulgar hacia abajo" y comentarios escritos. Dichos comentarios pueden publicarse en su perfil para que otros Socios del Mercado y Clientes puedan verlos. No garantizamos la exactitud de dichos comentarios.
Publicidad en el Mercado
Los Socios del Mercado tienen prohibido colocar anuncios en cualquier lugar del Mercado (como en su perfil, Oferta o condiciones adjuntas, o en las comunicaciones con los Clientes) que puedan facilitar transacciones fuera del Mercado. Los Socios del Mercado pueden compartir la información necesaria para que los Clientes se pongan en contacto con ellos y lleguen a acuerdos para completar las transacciones.
Atención al cliente y resolución de disputas 
Ofrecemos asistencia al cliente para ayudarle con ciertas características y funciones en relación con los Servicios del Mercado, pero esta asistencia se limita a su experiencia con los Servicios del Mercado y el uso de la aplicación de Worldcoin. No podemos ofrecer asistencia en relación con las transacciones entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes, más allá de ponernos en contacto con los Socios del Mercado cuando dejen de responder. Para ponerse en contacto, seleccione "Asistencia" en el menú de la aplicación.
No ofrecemos servicios de resolución de disputas en relación con desacuerdos entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes. Cualquier disputa debe resolverse directamente entre usted y los Socios del Mercado o el Cliente. 
Compras, cargos e impuestos
Tarifas de TFH. Podemos añadir una tarifa por utilizar el Mercado cuando realice una transacción con un Socio del Mercado. El importe de esta tarifa se le mostrará en el Mercado cuando responda a una Oferta, y formará parte del tipo de cambio mostrado en la Oferta.
Tarifas de Socios del Mercado. Las tarifas que los Socios del Mercado cobran a los Clientes por realizar una transacción se mostrarán como parte del tipo de cambio en la Oferta. Los Socios del Mercado deben indicar claramente todas las tarifas como parte de la Oferta, y no pueden cobrar tarifas adicionales no descritas en la Oferta.
Impuestos. Es su exclusiva responsabilidad determinar si, y en qué medida, se aplica algún impuesto a cualquier transacción a través de los Servicios del Mercado o a cualquier transacción que realice como Socio del Mercado o como Cliente, y retener, recaudar, declarar y remitir la cantidad correcta de impuestos a las autoridades fiscales correspondientes.
Actualizaciones. Todas las tarifas se muestran y están vigentes tal y como se reflejan en los Servicios del Mercado y pueden ser actualizadas y modificadas de vez en cuando.
Cumplimiento
Antes de que se les permita publicar Ofertas en el Mercado, todos los Socios del Mercado deben pasar los controles KYB y/o KYC proporcionando cierta información a TFH. TFH puede aprobar o rechazar dicha aprobación a su entera discreción. Además, TFH no puede revelarle los motivos de dicha aprobación o rechazo.
De manera oportuna, TFH puede solicitar documentación adicional o actualizada. El hecho de no facilitar dicha información a su debido tiempo puede dar lugar a la suspensión o cancelación de los Servicios del Mercado.
Operadores de Orb
Nos asociamos con contratistas locales independientes llamados "Operadores de Orb", que facilitan las inscripciones de los usuarios a la aplicación de Worldcoin y ayudan a responder las preguntas que puedan tener sobre TFH. Estos Operadores de Orb han recibido formación y conocen Worldcoin. Sin embargo, no tenemos control sobre ellos y renunciamos a toda responsabilidad por lo que digan o cómo se comporten. Los Operadores de Orb también pueden actuar como Socios del Mercado o Clientes en el Mercado. Sus actividades como Socios del Mercado y/o clientes son independientes de sus actividades como Operadores Orbe. Los Operadores de Orb y los Socios del Mercado no son agentes ni empleados de TFH de ninguna manera. Ninguna iniciativa, función, proceso, política, norma ni demás proyectos que TFH lleve a cabo en interés de sus usuarios será indicio de una relación de empleo ni representación con un Operador de Orb. 
Suspensión y terminación
Podremos suspender y restringir su acceso a los Servicios del Mercado: si así nos lo exige una citación, orden judicial u orden vinculante de una autoridad gubernamental aparentemente válidas; ii) si sospechamos, dentro de lo razonable, que utiliza el Servicio en relación con un Uso prohibido; iii) si el uso que usted hace de los Servicios del Mercado está sujeto a algún litigio pendiente, investigación o procedimiento gubernamental o percibimos un mayor riesgo de incumplimiento de la legislación o la normativa asociado con su actividad; iv) si nuestros socios de servicio no admiten su uso; si usted toma cualquier medida que consideremos que elude nuestros controles. Además, podremos cancelar su cuenta en el Mercado en cualquier momento y sin previo aviso si incumple cualquiera de estas Condiciones o si decidimos, a nuestra entera discreción, que su uso continuado de los Servicios del Mercado es perjudicial para TFH. 
Disposiciones generales
Consulte las Condiciones del Usuario para conocer otros términos aplicables a su uso de los Servicios del Mercado, incluidas las cláusulas de derecho aplicable y arbitraje.
MTOS20230407
Effective April 12, 2023
Download
TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DEL MERCADO P2P DE WORLDCOIN
Bienvenido al Mercado P2P de Worldcoin (el "Mercado"). Estos Términos entre usted y Tools for Humanity Corporation, sociedad constituida en Delaware ("TFH", "nosotros" o las inflexiones de primera persona del plural que correspondan) regirán el uso y acceso por parte de usted al Mercado y a toda funcionalidad, contenido y servicios asociados que le proporcionemos (en forma conjunta, "Servicios del Mercado"). Estos Términos se incorporan a los Términos y Condiciones del Usuario de Worldcoin ("Términos del Usuario") y se rigen por estos. Las definiciones no definidas en estos términos se definen en los Términos del Usuario. En caso de conflicto entre los Términos del Usuario y estos Términos, estos Términos prevalecerán, pero solo con respecto al Mercado y los Servicios del Mercado. 
Lea estos Términos detenidamente antes de utilizar los Servicios del Mercado o acceder a ellos. Al acceder a cualquiera de los Servicios del Mercado que prestamos o utilizarlos, usted acepta expresamente quedar obligado por estos Términos y por nuestra Política de Privacidad que se incorpora a los presentes Términos.
Preste atención a estas partes especialmente importantes de estos Términos ninguna parte de los Servicios del Mercado constituirá una oferta de venta ni la promoción de una oferta de compra de valores. Los Servicios del Mercado no constituirán asesoramiento de inversión. Es posible que en su lugar de residencia no se permita la tenencia, compra o venta de tokens Worldcoin ("WLD") o de ninguna otra moneda digital, y será su responsabilidad cumplir con todas las leyes aplicables. Considere si la compra, la venta, el uso o la tenencia de Tokens Digitales, incluidos WLD, es adecuada para usted en función de su situación financiera y de su comprensión de los Tokens Digitales.
Además, usted reconoce que, a través de los Servicios del Mercado, TFH proporciona una plataforma tecnológica que únicamente conecta a compradores y vendedores que desean realizar transacciones. En ningún momento TFH transmite, almacena, toma posesión de, custodia o interactúa de otro modo con ninguna moneda tradicional o digital. TFH no procesa transacciones, no actúa como procesador de pagos ni participa de otro modo en el procesamiento de transacciones. Todas las transacciones se realizan por separado entre compradores y vendedores en el Mercado. Todas las transacciones y responsabilidades relacionadas existen solo entre el comprador y el vendedor. TFH no tiene ninguna responsabilidad con respecto a las transacciones entre compradores y vendedores, y TFH no puede proporcionar apoyo con respecto a los problemas de transacciones. 
Alcance de los Términos
Elegibilidad. Para utilizar los Servicios del Mercado, deberá cumplir con estos Términos y con todas las leyes aplicables. Usted no podrá utilizar los Servicios del Mercado para realizar, promover o ayudar a otros a llevar a cabo ninguna actividad ilegal.
Además, deberá cumplir con todos los criterios que se disponen a continuación tener 18 años de edad o más; y
Además, deberá cumplir con todos los criterios que se disponen a continuación no ser declarado "Nacional Especialmente Designado" por la Oficina de Control de Activos Extranjeros (Office of Foreign Assets Control, "OFAC") del Departamento del Tesoro de los EE. UU. o las listas de sanciones de cualquier otro país, y que su nombre no se encuentre en la Lista de Personas Denegadas del Departamento de Comercio de los EE. UU. ni en las listas de personas prohibidas de ningún otro país.
Si no cumple con todos estos requisitos, no se le permitirá acceder a los Servicios del Mercado ni utilizarlos.
Disponibilidad. Es posible acceder a las páginas web que detallan los Servicios del Mercado desde cualquier parte del mundo, pero esto no significa que todos los Servicios del Mercado o las funciones del servicio sean legales o estén disponibles en el país donde reside. Debe cumplir con los requisitos de elegibilidad establecidos en para acceder a los Servicios del Mercado y utilizarlos, lo que incluye ser residente habitual y estar físicamente ubicado en el/los país/países establecidos en 1.2. Usted no podrá usar una red privada virtual (Virtual Private Network, VPN) ni herramientas similares con el fin de eludir alguna restricción. Será su responsabilidad asegurarse de que el uso que hace de los Servicios del Mercado sea legal donde los utiliza. Los Servicios del Mercado no estarán disponibles en todos los idiomas.
Actualizaciones. Podemos realizar cambios en estos Términos oportunamente. Si lo hacemos, se podrá acceder a los términos actualizados en la Aplicación de Worldcoin. Usted comprende y acepta que, si continúa utilizando los Servicios del Mercado después de que hayamos realizado dichos cambios, usted acepta los Términos actualizados. Si no acepta estos Términos, puede dejar de usar los Servicios del Mercado en cualquier momento. Debido a que los Servicios del Mercado evolucionan con el tiempo, podemos cambiar o interrumpir la totalidad o parte de los Servicios del Mercado, en cualquier momento y sin previo aviso, a nuestra entera discreción.
Servicios
Mercado
El Mercado proporciona una plataforma entre pares que conecta a compradores y vendedores que desean comprar o vender Activos Digitales. Los participantes del Mercado que realicen operaciones de compra y venta de Activos Digitales y deseen mostrar su disponibilidad para transacciones en el Mercado deben ser aprobados como agentes en el Mercado por nosotros y tener una WorldID asociada con ellos (los "Socios del Mercado"). El uso del término "Socios del Mercado" no se refiere a una relación entre mandante y agente entre TFH y ningún usuario del Mercado. Cuando los Socios del Mercado son una empresa, el agente que hace negocios en nombre de la empresa debe tener una WorldID. Los participantes del Mercado que respondan a los anuncios de Socios del Mercado no necesitan ser aprobados por nosotros, pero deben tener una WorldID si realizan transacciones que superen ciertos montos (los "Clientes"). Los Socios del Mercado también pueden ser Clientes cuando responden a ofertas realizadas por otros Socios del Mercado.
Los Socios del Mercado pueden publicar ofertas para comprar o vender Activos Digitales en el Mercado a un precio determinado (las "Ofertas"). Los clientes pueden responder a las Ofertas a través del Mercado. Los detalles como los métodos de pago, el precio y el tiempo/método de entrega se negocian entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes. TFH no se involucra en estos detalles, pero puede recomendar ciertos métodos de pago, precios y tiempo/métodos de entrega para su uso. Dichas recomendaciones son de naturaleza informativa únicamente.
Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes pueden utilizar la Aplicación de Worldcoin y los servicios de billetera para enviar o recibir Activos Digitales para cumplir con las Ofertas. Si bien los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes pueden utilizar ciertas funciones de Worldcoin para completar las Ofertas, siguen siendo plenamente responsables de cualquier transacción que se realice entre los Socios del Mercado y el Cliente. TFH no es parte de ninguna transacción.
El Mercado no proporciona ningún servicio de depósito en garantía ni garantías con respecto a los Socios del Mercado o Clientes. Los Socios del Mercado son aprobados únicamente por TFH sobre la base de Conozca Su Negocio (Know-Your-Business, KYB) o Conozca a Su Cliente (Know-Your-Customer, KYC). Dicha aprobación no respalda a ningún Socio del Mercado ni garantiza que cumplirá con ninguna transacción. Además, cualquier calificación asignada a un Socio del Mercado o Cliente por TFH no constituye ningún endoso o garantía. Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes aceptan todos los riesgos relacionados con la realización de una transacción, incluido el riesgo de que no reciban los ingresos de su compra o venta. En caso de un problema con respecto a cualquier transacción, TFH no puede ayudar con una resolución, ni asume ninguna responsabilidad por los problemas que surjan de cualquier transacción. Además, TFH no proporciona ningún servicio de depósito en garantía; los Clientes aceptan el riesgo de que los Socios del Mercado no transfieran los ingresos de cualquier venta o compra al Cliente.
Con respecto a cualquier transacción procesada a través de la Aplicación de Worldcoin, los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes reconocen que la Aplicación de Worldcoin y la billetera son servicios sin custodia. TFH no almacena ni custodia ningún Activo digital, y no realiza transacciones con, transmite o toma posesión de ningún Activo digital ni tiene ninguna participación en la realización de ninguna transacción. Los Activos Digitales siempre se almacenan y transmiten en sus respectivas redes de blockchain, a las que se puede acceder a través de otras soluciones de billetera sin custodia. No hay garantías de que las transacciones se procesen correctamente. Además, en caso de que terceros tengan acceso a su Aplicación de Worldcoin o billetera, podrán usar dicho acceso para realizar transacciones sin su consentimiento. Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes son totalmente responsables de cualquier transacción realizada desde su billetera y aceptan todos los riesgos relacionados con el acceso no autorizado a sus billeteras.
Transacciones 
Las transacciones en el Mercado ocurren entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes (o entre los Socios del Mercado y Socios del Mercado). Las transacciones se realizan de conformidad con estos Términos y los términos (si los hubiera) entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes con respecto a una transacción en particular. Cuando se realiza una Oferta, los Socios del Mercado especificarán qué términos, si los hubiera, forman parte del acuerdo para realizar una transacción. Tanto los Socios del Mercado como los Clientes deben asegurarse de haber leído detenidamente cualquier Oferta y los términos adjuntos a la Oferta antes de realizar cualquier transacción. Los términos que acompañan una Oferta son válidos en todos los casos, excepto cuando contradigan o violen estos Términos, o cuando violen la ley aplicable. Los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes aceptan toda la responsabilidad de leer, reconocer y cumplir cuidadosamente con cualquier término que acompañe una Oferta. Si alguno de estos términos no es claro o no es acordado por cualquiera de las partes, estas no deben realizar una transacción. Además, se debe seguir cualquier término que acompañe una Oferta al realizar una transacción. Si se realiza una transacción sin cumplir con los términos adjuntos, es posible que no se complete la transacción.
Una vez que se acepta una Oferta, el Cliente primero debe realizar una transacción para enviar el monto y tipo acordados de moneda tradicional o moneda digital. Una vez que los Socios del Mercado reciben esta transacción, los Socios del Mercado deben enviar el monto y el tipo de moneda tradicional o digital acordados al Cliente. Ambas partes deben especificar los métodos de pago y los métodos de recepción correctos para sus respectivas transacciones. Ambas partes de la transacción son responsables de enviar los montos y tipos correctos de moneda tradicional o digital. En caso de que las transacciones no se reciban, se reviertan, se procesen indebidamente o tengan un error de otro tipo, los Socios del Mercado y el Cliente deben trabajar juntos para resolver cualquier problema. TFH no puede ayudar con los problemas relacionados con las transacciones.
Algunos Socios del Mercado pueden imponer limitaciones o restricciones a la cantidad de moneda tradicional o digital que están dispuestos a aceptar de los Clientes. Estos límites son establecidos por los Socios del Mercado y no por TFH.
El valor de los Activos Digitales puede fluctuar significativamente durante períodos breves. Cualquier Oferta que acepte especificará el tiempo de transacción y la tasa de cambio aplicable a nuestra transacción. Usted es el único responsable de aceptar el riesgo de cualquier fluctuación de precios, y comprende que, al momento de completar una transacción, el valor de los Activos Digitales involucrados en la transacción puede haber cambiado significativamente.
Puntaje de reputación
Cuando realiza una transacción a través del Mercado, permitimos que otros usuarios proporcionen una evaluación de su interacción con usted, incluyendo, entre otras cosas, un puntaje numérico de cómo fue su interacción, una calificación de 'pulgares arriba' o 'pulgares abajo' y comentarios escritos. Dichas evaluaciones pueden publicarse en su perfil para que otros Socios del Mercado y Clientes las vean. No garantizamos la precisión de dichas evaluaciones.
Anuncios en el Mercado
Los Socios del Mercado tienen prohibido colocar anuncios en cualquier lugar del Mercado (como en su perfil, Oferta o términos adjuntos, o en comunicaciones con los Clientes) que faciliten transacciones fuera del Mercado. Los Socios del Mercado pueden compartir la información necesaria para que los Clientes se comuniquen con ellos y hagan los arreglos necesarios para completar las transacciones.
Atención al cliente y resolución de disputas 
Brindamos atención al cliente para obtener asistencia con ciertas características y funciones en relación con los Servicios del Mercado, pero esta asistencia se limita a su experiencia con los Servicios del Mercado y el uso de la Aplicación de Worldcoin. No podemos brindar asistencia con respecto a las transacciones entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes, más allá de comunicarnos con los Socios del Mercado cuando no respondan. Para ponerse en contacto, seleccione "Soporte" en el menú de la aplicación.
No proporcionamos servicios de resolución de disputas en relación con los desacuerdos entre los Socios del Mercado y los Clientes. Cualquier disputa debe resolverse directamente entre usted y los Socios del Mercado o el Cliente. 
Compras, cargos e impuestos
Cargos de TFH. Podemos agregar un cargo por usar el Mercado cuando realiza una transacción con un Socio del Mercado. El monto de este cargo se le mostrará dentro del Mercado cuando responda a una Oferta y formará parte de la tasa de cambio que se muestra en la Oferta.
Cargos de los Socios del Mercado. Los cargos que cobran los Socios del Mercado a los Clientes por realizar una transacción se mostrarán como parte de la tasa de cambio en la Oferta. Los Socios del Mercado deben indicar claramente todos los cargos como parte de la Oferta, y no pueden cobrar cargos adicionales no descritos en la Oferta.
Impuestos. Es su exclusiva responsabilidad determinar si, y en qué medida, se aplican impuestos a alguna transacción a través de los Servicios del Mercado o a cualquier transacción que realice como Socio del Mercado o Cliente, y retener, cobrar, informar y remitir el monto correcto de impuestos a las autoridades fiscales correspondientes.
Actualizaciones. Todos los cargos se muestran y están vigentes según se refleja en los Servicios del Mercado y podrán actualizarse y modificarse cuando se considere oportuno.
Cumplimiento
Antes de que se les permita publicar Ofertas en el Mercado, todos los Socios del Mercado deben pasar las pruebas de KYB y/o KYC proporcionando cierta información a TFH. TFH puede aprobar o rechazar dicha aprobación a su entera discreción. Además, TFH no puede divulgarle los motivos de dicha aprobación o rechazo.
Ocasionalmente, TFH puede solicitar documentación adicional o actualizada. No proporcionar dicha información de manera oportuna puede dar lugar a la suspensión o rescisión de los Servicios del Mercado.
Operadores de Orb
Nos asociamos con contratistas independientes locales denominados "Operadores de Orb" que facilitan el registro de los usuarios en la Aplicación de Worldcoin y ayudan a responder las preguntas que usted pueda tener sobre TFH. Estos Operadores de Orb han recibido capacitación y conocen TFH. Sin embargo, no tendremos control y renunciamos a toda responsabilidad respecto de lo que digan o de cómo se comporten. Los Operadores de Orb también pueden actuar como Socios del Mercado o Clientes en el Mercado. Sus actividades como Socios del Mercado y/o clientes son independientes de sus actividades como Operadores de Orb. Los Operadores de Orb y los Socios del Mercado no son agentes ni empleados de TFH de ninguna manera. Cualquier iniciativa, característica, proceso, política, estándar u otros esfuerzos realizados por TFH en beneficio de los usuarios no constituirán una relación laboral ni de representación con un Operador de Orb. 
Suspensión y rescisión
Podemos suspender y restringir su acceso a los Servicios del Mercado: si estamos obligados por una citación, orden judicial u orden vinculante de una autoridad gubernamental que sea válida a primera vista; si sospechamos razonablemente que usted utiliza el Servicio del Mercado en relación con un Uso Prohibido; si el uso que usted hace de los Servicios del Mercado está sujeto a un litigio, una investigación, o un procedimiento gubernamental en curso o percibimos un riesgo elevado de incumplimiento legal o regulatorio asociado con su actividad; si nuestros socios de servicio no pueden respaldar el uso que usted hace de estos; o si usted toma alguna medida que consideremos que elude nuestros controles. Además, podemos cancelar su cuenta en el Mercado en cualquier momento sin previo aviso cuando usted incumpla cualquiera de estos Términos o decidamos, a nuestra entera discreción, que su uso continuo de los Servicios del Mercado es perjudicial para TFH. 
Disposiciones generales
Consulte los Términos del Usuario para conocer otros términos aplicables al uso que usted hace de los Servicios del Mercado, incluidas las leyes vigentes y las cláusulas de arbitraje.
MTOS20230407
DCP / Grants Terms / Non-US Persons
Version 1.0
Effective July 19, 2023
Download
Table of Contents
I'm not a US person
I'm not using a VPN and I'm not in a restricted location
I will not offer, sell, or transfer WLD to a US person