Flights
Search the website
Home
Passengers
Flights
"My HKG" Mobile App
My HKG, Privacy Policy
Arrivals
Departures
Airlines Information
"My HKG" Mobile App
Shenzhen Baoan International Airport Flight Schedule
Back
My HKG, Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Airport Authority ("Authority", "we", "our" or "us") attaches importance in protecting a person's personal data privacy and is committed to complying with the Personal Data Ordinance (the "Ordinance") and observing the relevant codes of practice which may be issued by the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data from time to time.
When you use the Hong Kong International Airport Official Mobile Application ("this Application"), we will collect information about your mobile device, including device type, version of underlying operating system, version of the software being used and device location data.
The purpose of collecting such information is to enable us to better understand how this Application will be used. Such information may be used for preparing reports of usage figures or trends of this Application. We may also use such information to improve the contents of this Application, provide customized services and send notifications to you.
If occasions arise where we will invite you to provide personal data, we will inform you of the purposes for which they are collected and the persons to whom such personal data may be transferred and such personal data collected will only be used for the purposes for which they are collected and transferred to the persons or categories of persons we mention when informing you of data collection.
If we invite you to provide personal data for the purpose of registering with or making use of the HKairport Rewards, HKIA Loyalty Programme ("Programme") which is associated with this Application, please refer to the separate Privacy Policy for the Programme.
We will keep any personal data held by us confidential. No personal data will be disclosed to any unauthorised person unless they are required to be disclosed pursuant to the laws of Hong Kong. We will strive to protect any personal data held by us against unauthorised access or processing. Practical steps will be taken to ensure that personal data will not be kept any longer than is necessary and the Authority will comply with relevant statutory and regulatory requirements concerning the retention of personal data.
You may make a request to access to your personal data which are held by us. Such access request form can be downloaded from the website of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data, Hong Kong. You may also request the Authority to correct the personal data that you have accessed if such data are inaccurate. We will handle your request as soon as possible. Please note that under the Ordinance, the Authority has the right to charge a reasonable fee for complying with a data access request. Data access and correction requests can be addressed to general Personal Data Officer
Airport Authority Hong Kong 
HKIA Tower 
1 Sky Plaza Road 
Hong Kong International Airport 
Lantau Island 
Hong Kong
This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time without notice. You should review this Privacy Policy before using this Application.
If there is any inconsistency between the English and Chinese versions of this Privacy Policy, the English version shall prevail.
Flight Info
To & From Airport
Contact Us
social media share
Share to FacebookShare to TwitterShare to WeiboEmail a friendShare to WhatsappShare to WechatShare to LineShare to Telegram